Sentence	Label
So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	0
Good case, Excellent value.	1
Great for the jawbone.	1
Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	0
The mic is great.	1
I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.	0
If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	0
If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	1
Needless to say, I wasted my money.	0
What a waste of money and time!.	0
And the sound quality is great.	1
He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	1
If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	0
Very good quality though	1
The design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all.	0
Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	1
I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	0
So Far So Good!.	1
Works great!.	1
It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	0
I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	0
I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	1
The commercials are the most misleading.	0
I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	1
I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	0
Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	1
I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	1
I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	0
People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	0
Doesn't hold charge.	0
This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	0
This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	1
It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	0
I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	0
Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	1
You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	0
It has kept up very well.	1
Poor Talk Time Performance.	0
The case is great and works fine with the 680.	1
worthless product.	0
It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	1
I was not impressed by this product.	0
Nice headset priced right.	1
I only hear garbage for audio.	0
Excellent bluetooth headset.	1
It has all the features I want	1
Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	0
AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	0
This case seems well made.	1
Disappointed with battery.	0
Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	0
good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	1
A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	1
This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	1
I love this thing!	1
Everything about it is fine and reasonable for the price i.e.	1
VERY DISAPPOINTED.	0
I even dropped this phone into a stream and it was submerged for 15 seconds and it still works great!	1
I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	1
The buttons for on and off are bad.	0
Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	0
I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	1
These headphones were a great find - and I think they are perhaps the best purchase I've made in the last several years - seriously.	1
Buy a different phone - but not this.	0
You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	0
The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	0
A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	0
It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	1
Great for iPODs too.	1
This device is great in several situations:1.)	1
Mic Doesn't work.	0
Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	0
Great choice!	1
Nice docking station for home or work.	1
This is a beautiful phone.	1
Love this product.	1
Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	0
This is a great little item.	1
I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	1
I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!	0
I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	1
Not a good bargain.	0
Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	1
The battery runs down quickly.	0
This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	0
The headsets are easy to use and everyone loves them.	1
This phone works great.	1
The construction of the headsets is poor.	0
Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	1
The phone loads super!	1
For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	0
Made very sturdy.	1
Worked great!.	1
The ear buds only play music in one ear.	0
Dont waste your money...	0
Will order from them again!	1
If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.	0
I found this product to be waaay too big.	0
Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	1
I'm very disappointed with my decision.	0
Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	1
Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	0
Definitely a bargain.	1
The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	1
I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	0
Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	1
That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	0
I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	1
The camera, although rated at an impressive 1.3 megapixels, renders images that fall well below expectations of such a relatively high resolution.	0
I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	0
Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	1
This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	1
its a little geeky but i think thats its sex on toast and it rocks and oozes sex right down to its battery embedded sleek stylish leather case.	1
Great product, fast shipping!.	1
Absolutely great.	1
The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	1
i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	0
It is very comfortable on the ear.	1
It has been a winner for us.	1
)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	1
I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	1
Could not get strong enough signal.	0
Iam very pleased with my purchase.	1
Bad Quality.	0
Gets the job done.	1
Great audio!.	1
Basically the service was very bad.	0
it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	0
I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	1
The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	0
It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	1
The accompanied software is almost brilliant.	1
Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	1
!I definitly recommend!!	1
Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	0
The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	0
Very good stuff for the price.	1
My headset works just peachy-keen.	1
In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	0
Voice recognition is tremendous!	1
What a waste.	0
During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	0
I was not happy with this item.	0
very disappointed.	0
The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	0
I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	1
What a waste of time!	0
Its reception is very very poor.	0
Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED.	0
After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	0
I Was Hoping for More.	0
Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	0
I had absolutely no problem with this headset linking to my 8530 Blackberry Curve!	1
I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	1
I've bought $5 wired headphones that sound better than these.	0
This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	1
Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	1
This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	1
And I just love the colors!	1
W810i is just SUPERB.	1
All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	0
Great charger.	1
This is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate.	0
Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	1
I still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough DNA to copy the design over to humans.	0
Great Value.	1
Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	0
The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	1
doesn't last long.	0
One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	0
EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	1
Thank you for wasting my money.	0
How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	0
The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	1
The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	1
Superb Phone on a Great Network.	1
I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	1
I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	0
It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
Don't buy this product.	0
I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	0
The sound quality is good and functionality is awesome.	1
I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	0
I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	0
Incredible!.	1
Design Flaw?.	0
Great phone!.	1
Waste of 13 bucks.	0
But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	0
The replacement died in a few weeks.	0
Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	1
Lately they have been extremely nice and helpful on the phone.	1
I have had problems wit hit dropping signal and more.	0
Not impressed.	0
Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	1
You'll love how thin it is.	1
Bad Choice.	0
The pleather case doesn't fit.	0
useless phone, simply deaf.	0
The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	1
All in all I think it was a good investment.	1
It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	0
The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	1
Battery lasts only a few hours.	0
great headset, very impressed - H500.	1
The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	1
I've had this for nearly 2 years and it has worked great for me.	1
Good transmit audio.	1
We are sending it back.	0
I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway.	0
If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	0
Great price also!	1
The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	1
fast service.	1
I would highly recommend this.	1
I would recommend this.	1
I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	0
WORST PHONE EVER.	0
I'm still infatuated with this phone.	1
Freezes frequently4.	0
It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	0
Simple, lightweight and great fit.	1
All in all, I'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola.	0
There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	0
These are certainly very comfortable and functionality is decent.	1
I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	1
I'm a bit disappointed.	0
I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	0
I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	0
The battery is completely useless to me.	0
What a big waste of time.	0
Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	0
Great sound and service.	1
Really pleased with this product so far.	1
One of my favorite purchases ever.	1
best bluetooth on the market.	1
Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	1
I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	1
Do not make the same mistake as me.	0
Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	0
the phone was unusable and was not new.	0
Worst Customer Service Ever.	0
No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	0
It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	0
Worth every penny.	1
Excellent wallet type phone case.	1
Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	1
Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	0
It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	1
It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	1
O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	1
It's very attractive and appears to be of good quality.	1
I love all the features and form factor.	1
This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	0
poor quality and service.	0
The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	0
Great Earpiece.	1
Excellent hands free tool.	1
Great for using with your home stereo.	1
Good product - incredible value.	1
Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	1
Works great.	1
Absolutel junk.	0
THAT one didn't work either.	0
Battery life is real good.	1
Returned 8 hours later.	0
It's a great item.	1
Don't waste your money!.	0
Love this headset!	1
Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	0
Worked perfectly!	1
Unreliable - I'm giving up.	0
I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.	1
Avoid this one if you can.	0
Reversible plug works great.	1
I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	0
Very good phone.	1
Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	1
Comfort for our whole family.	1
Good product, good seller.	1
I love this bluetooth!	1
First of all, it doesn't wear well.	0
I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	1
I got it because it was so small and adorable.	1
Great phone!.	1
I wouldn't recommend buying this product.	0
Piece of Junk.	0
Poorly contstruct hinge.	0
This item is great, installed it, let it charged up overnite and it has been working good every since with no problems	1
Great Phone.	1
Don't buy it.	0
Excellent Phone.	1
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	0
The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	1
This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	1
Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	1
This one works and was priced right.	1
Customer service was terrible.	0
Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	0
Sending it back.	0
Now I know that I made a wise decision.	1
Someone shouldve invented this sooner.	1
Good price.	1
Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	1
I received it quickly and it works great!!	1
Has been working great.	1
As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	0
My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	0
They do not care about the consumer one bit.	0
This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	1
The instruction manual is lacking.	0
Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	1
Phone now holds charge like it did when it was new.	1
The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	0
It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	0
We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	1
This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	1
I want my money back.	0
I love this device.	1
I am also very happy with the price.	1
I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	0
The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	0
I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.	1
I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	0
good item, low price.	1
However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	0
The plug did not work very well.	0
AMAZON SUCKS.	0
Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	0
VERY comfortable.	1
The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	1
The reception is excellent!	1
It fits comfortably in either ear, the sound is clear and loud, and the charge lasts a couple of days.	1
very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	1
1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	0
Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	0
Very disappointing.	0
It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	0
It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.	0
Excellent sound quality.	1
Was not happy.	0
A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	0
New Battery works great in phone.	1
Worst customer service.	0
I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	1
Reception is terrible and full of static.	0
Good audio quality.	1
This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	1
I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	0
Were JERKS on the phone.	0
Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	1
Comfortable, Nice Range, Good Battery Life.	1
Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	0
Excellent starter wireless headset.	0
The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	0
The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	0
First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	0
The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	0
The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	1
Nice design and quality.	1
Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	0
It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	1
bad fit, way too big.	0
It definitely was not as good as my S11.	1
awesome device.	1
Waste of money.	0
I had ordered a motorola data cable, got a very well finished and working product.	1
Love This Phone.	1
I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	1
I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	0
Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	1
Battery life is also great!	1
The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	0
Not a good item.. It worked for a while then started having problems in my auto reverse tape player.	0
This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	0
Protects the phone on all sides.	1
This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	0
Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	1
Soyo technology sucks.	0
Great Hands Free Device.	1
you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	1
Same problem as others have mentioned.	0
After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	1
Magical Help.	1
The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	0
Poor sound quality.	0
The best phone in market :).	1
It worked very well.	1
The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	1
Exactly what I wanted.	1
The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	0
This is a great deal.	1
Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	1
I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	1
Better than you'd expect.	1
Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	0
Great product and price.	1
Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	1
Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	0
what a disappointment	0
Very prompt service.	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
Very pleased with this headset.	1
don't waste your money and time.	0
I especially love the long battery life.	1
It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	0
Works great.	1
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	0
I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	0
I highly recommend this device to everyone!	1
Jawbone Era is awesome too!	1
We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	0
After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	0
I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	1
An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	1
This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	0
Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	0
The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	0
Price is good too.	1
Don't make the same mistake I did.	0
Oh and I forgot to also mention the weird color effect it has on your phone.	0
I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	1
Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	0
Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	1
every thing on phone work perfectly, she like it.	1
Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	0
IT'S REALLY EASY.	1
My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	1
Fantastic earphones.	1
It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.	1
Low Quality.	0
I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	1
But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	1
Warning - Stay away.	0
I wish I could return the unit and get back my money.	0
Awsome Device Works Great!!.	1
I used to talk on it for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying.	0
If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	0
Very Displeased.	0
I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	0
They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	0
Restored my phone to like new performance.	1
I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	1
I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	1
Does not fit.	0
Very happy with this product.	1
The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	1
There's really nothing bad I can say about this headset.	0
i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	1
Portable and it works.	1
My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.	1
I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	0
I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	0
Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	0
Timely shipment and quality product.	1
Nice solid keyboard.	1
Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	1
Horrible phone.	0
BT50 battery junk!.	0
We would recommend these to others.	1
Cant get the software to work with my computer.	0
Disappointed!.	0
poor voice clarity.	0
The battery works great!	1
No buyers remorse on this one!.	0
Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	0
I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	0
Looks great and is strong."	1
I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	1
The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	0
Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	0
Great software for Motorolas.	1
The delivery was on time.	1
Very easy to use.	1
Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	0
The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	0
It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	1
I'd like to return it.	0
The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	1
Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	0
After charging overnight, these batteries work great.	1
You won't regret it!	1
I love this phone!.	1
A Disappointment.	0
Its not user friendly.	0
Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	0
Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	0
This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	0
This PDA rocks.	1
It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	1
I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	1
I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	1
Pretty piece of junk.	0
Plug was the wrong size.	0
Works as described.	1
Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	0
Bad Purchase.	0
WELL IM SATISFIED.	1
The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	1
This battery is an excellent bargain!	1
Defective crap.	0
I would have given no star if I was able.	0
I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	1
The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	0
I would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	0
great...no problems at all!.	1
As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	0
This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	1
You never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not.	0
The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	1
I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	1
very good product, well made.	1
Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	1
I am very impressed with the job that Motorola did on the sturdiness of this phone.	1
I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	1
The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	1
I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	0
My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	0
Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	1
I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	1
I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	1
Works great!.	1
REALLY UGLY.	0
horrible, had to switch 3 times.	0
The noise shield is incrediable.	1
No real improvement.	0
Razr Battery - Good buy.	1
Keep up the good work Amazon!!	1
They refuse to refund or replace.	0
Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	0
So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	0
Great case and price!	1
All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	0
Bluetooth range is good - a few days ago I left my phone in the trunk, got a call, and carried the conversation without a hitch.	1
Small, sleek, impressive looking, practical setup with ample storage in place.	1
The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	1
none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	0
I am glad I purchased it.	1
I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	0
Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	0
Don't buy this product.	0
sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	0
No shifting, no bubbling, no peeling, not even a scratch, NOTHING!I couldn't be more happier with my new one for the Droid.	1
Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	0
Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	0
The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	0
I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	1
I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	1
Thank you for such great service.	1
Its a total package.	1
The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	1
I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	0
It's AGGRAVATING!	0
Great product for the price!.	1
I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	1
Virgin Wireless rocks and so does this cheap little phone!	1
None of it works, just don't buy it.	0
Muddy, low quality sound, and the casing around the wire's insert was poorly super glued and slid off.	0
Please dont waste your money.	0
All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	1
If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	0
Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.	0
Disapointing Results.	0
Cumbersome design.	0
Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	1
Great Product.	1
It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	0
My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	0
This fixes all the problems.	1
Worst ever.	0
I am very happy	1
I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	1
I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	0
The battery life is highly unacceptable.	0
That company is a joke.	0
It does everything the description said it would.	1
Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	0
It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.	1
Verizon tech support walked my through a few procedures, none of which worked and I ended up having to do a hard re-set, wiping out all my data.	0
Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	0
It plays louder than any other speaker of this size; the price is so low that most would think the quality is lacking, however, it's not.	1
Better than expected.	1
It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	0
Battery is holding up well.	1
Also difficult to put on.I'd recommend avoiding this product.	0
I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	0
I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	0
Sprint - terrible customer service.	0
Linked to my phone without effort.	1
THey are so cool!	1
Easy to use.	1
Better Than New.	1
What possesed me to get this junk, I have no idea...	0
Piece of trash.	0
A pretty good product.	1
This is a great phone!.	1
For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	1
Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	1
The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	0
Those phones are working just fine now.	1
I am more than happy with this product.	1
Poor Construction.	0
This is infuriating.	0
Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.	1
Sprint charges for this service.	0
It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	0
It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	1
It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	0
clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	1
I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.	1
I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	1
the worst phone from samsung...crap..... this crappy Samsung E715.. is the worst i have ever seeen.	0
the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	0
Poor product.	0
However I needed some better instructions.	0
You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	0
Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	1
Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	0
DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	0
This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	1
Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	0
All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.	1
Very Dissapointing Performance.	0
Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	0
This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	0
Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	0
I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	1
Don't bother - go to the store.	0
I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	1
I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	1
You get what you pay for I guess.	0
Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	1
im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	1
These are fabulous!	1
However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	0
I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	1
Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	0
Performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call.	0
Very wind-resistant.	1
Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	0
They do not last forever, but is not overly expensive to replace.Easy to operate and the sound is much better than others I have tried.	1
I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	0
Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	0
Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	1
Great phone.	1
When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	0
I'm pleased.	1
Battery is terrible.	0
I found the product to be easy to set up and use.	1
The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	0
Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	0
The charger arrived within the promised timeframe, but it did not work.	0
No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	1
Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	0
The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	1
Talk about USELESS customer service.	0
It felt too light and "tinny.".	0
This does not fit the Palm Tungsten E2 and it broke the first time I tried to plug it in.	0
I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	1
I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	1
Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	1
Does everything it should and more.	1
I could not recommend these more.	0
Nice Sound.	1
Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	0
Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	1
Setup went very smoothly.	1
its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	0
A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	0
The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	0
It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	1
Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	0
Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	0
Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	0
Truly awful.	0
It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.	1
The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	1
And none of the tones is acceptable.	0
camera color balance is AWFUL.	0
This product is clearly not ready for prime time, I don't care how cool it looks, if you can't tell a call is coming in it's worthless.	0
I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	1
Chinese Forgeries Abound!.	0
Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	1
The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	0
i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	0
Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	0
Works well.	1
The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	0
Clear crisp sound.	1
I have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well.	1
The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	0
The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	0
Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	0
The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.	1
It doesn't make you look cool.	0
Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	1
Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	1
Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	0
You can't beat the price on these.	1
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	1
lightweight and works well.	1
So just beware.	0
I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	1
So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	0
This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	1
I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	0
Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.	1
Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	0
It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	0
Poor quality.	0
jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	1
Not worth it.	0
The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	0
It quit working after I'd used it for about 18 months, so I just purchased another one because this is the best headset I've ever owned.	1
Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	0
It was a great phone.	1
if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	0
Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	1
My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	1
This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	1
Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	0
In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	1
I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	1
This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	1
Other than that, the leather is nice and soft; the fit is very tight; the cut out for the face is a good shape.	1
It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	1
After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	0
This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	1
None of the three sizes they sent with the headset would stay in my ears.	0
T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	1
Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	1
We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	0
Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	1
Krussel Always good.	1
The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	1
The design is very good.4.	1
I great reception all the time.	1
I would highly recommend this product.	1
Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	0
It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	0
Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	0
If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	0
Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	1
stay away from this store, be careful.	0
This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	1
Does not fit.	0
.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	1
It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	1
disappointing.	0
Blue Ant is easy to use.	1
Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	1
The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	0
Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	0
It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	1
The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	0
The sound quality is excellent as well.	1
Its the best headset I have used.	1
Would not reccommend.	0
They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	1
Just what I wanted.	1
This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	0
wont work right or atleast for me.	0
in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	0
But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	0
I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	0
Great product.	1
Crisp and Clear.	1
AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	0
VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	0
I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	0
The reception has been generally good.	1
Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	1
Great bluetooth!.	1
I highly recommend this case.	1
WORTHWHILE.	1
This is a great deal.	1
After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	0
I am sorry I made this purchase.	0
I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	0
Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	0
It was horrible!.	0
I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	0
This allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first.	0
They work about 2 weeks then break.	0
It is simple to use and I like it.	1
It's a great tool for entertainment, communication, and data management.Oh, be sure to use ActiveSync 4.2 for optimal data synchronization results!	1
I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	0
NOT WHAT I WANTED.	0
I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	1
Great Phone.	1
I bought this battery with a coupon from Amazon and I'm very happy with my purchase.	1
The internet access was fine, it the rare instance that it worked.	0
Perfect for the PS3.	1
Five star Plus, plus.	1
A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	1
$50 Down the drain.	0
I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	0
Good , works fine.	1
For the price this was a great deal.	1
Great price, too!	1
If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	0
Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	1
Does Not Work.	0
At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	0
The reception through this headset is excellent.	1
2 thumbs up to this seller	1
I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	1
Improper description.... I had to return it.	0
#1 It Works - #2 It is Comfortable.	1
Battery charge-life is quite long.	1
The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	1
Battery has no life.	0
I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	0
Product is exactly as described.	1
Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	1
Doesn't do the job.	0
I would recommend it.	1
Plan on ordering from them again and again.	1
That being said, for a phone, the camera is very nice; many cool effects to play with, and video is decent as well.	1
I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	1
They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).	1
Awkward to use and unreliable.	0
The shipping time was also very quick!	1
Not as good as I had hoped.	0
Good case!.	1
Doesn't Work.	0
Really good product.	1
Unfortunately it did not work.	0
All three broke within two months of use.	0
dont buy it.	0
My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	0
However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.	0
The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	0
Horrible, horrible protector.	0
I don't like this Nokia either.	0
Reaching for the bottom row is uncomfortable, and the send and end keys are not where I expect them to be.3.	0
I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	0
It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	0
the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	0
Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	0
Product is useless, since it does not have enough charging current to charge the 2 cellphones I was planning to use it with.	0
It's not what it says it is.	0
Stay Away From the Q!.	0
Used and dirty.	0
Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	0
Not good enough for the price.	0
I bought two of them and neither will charge.	0
It looks very nice.	1
This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.	1
I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	1
These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	0
Comfortable in my hand.	1
Just does not work.	0
Poor Reliability.	0
(It works!)	1
If I take a picture, the battery drops a bar, and starts beeping, letting me know its dieing.	0
Terrible product, and waste of money!	0
Last time buying from you.	0
It was a waste of my money.	0
So far it has worked like a charm.	1
I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	1
But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	1
Would recommend this item.	1
It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	1
Nice case, feels good in your hands.	1
The item received was Counterfeit.	0
Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	1
Works fine.	1
I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	1
I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.	1
My sister has one also and she loves it.	1
Good Quality.	1
This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	0
Excellent dual-purpose headset.	1
Excellent!.	1
Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	0
It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	1
The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	0
Having trouble with volume.	0
The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	1
WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	0
I am pairing this with my iphone, and I could not be happier with it so far.	1
When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	0
I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	0
Best headset ever!!!.	1
Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	0
It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	1
The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	0
Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	1
Excellent product for the price.	1
Bad Reception.	0
This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	0
It was quite comfortable in the ear.	1
Great phone.	1
Don't buy this product - It fails!.	0
Everything about this product is wrong.First	0
The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	1
This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	0
Terrible phone holder.	0
The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	1
I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.	1
Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.	0
Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	0
But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	1
How stupid is that?	0
I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.	1
Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	1
Good show, Samsung.	1
So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	1
It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	0
Couldn't figure it out	0
My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	0
So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.	0
While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	0
Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	1
Works for me.	1
Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	0
much better than the hard plastic cases.	1
It also had a new problem.	0
Happy so far!.	1
cool phone.	1
Works good.	1
Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	1
It looses connection to the phone even when it is within a couple feet between the two.	0
but it is great, i would really recommend it	1
Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.	0
As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	0
Never got it!!!!!	0
This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	0
[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	0
Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	0
You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	1
However, after about a year, the fliptop started to get loose and wobbly and eventually my screen went black and I couldn't receive and place calls.	0
I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	0
The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	1
Logitech Bluetooth Headset is a 10!.	1
I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	1
A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	1
I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	1
The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	0
I'm returning them.	0
I does not maintain a connection with the computer while it is on my lap.	0
It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	1
I have had mine for about a year and this Christmas I bought some for the rest of the family.	1
Otherwise, easy to install and use, clear sound.	1
nice leather.	1
I had to purchase a different case.	0
It is a joy to use.	1
Very much disappointed with this company.	0
Very satisifed with that.	1
It didn't charge for me.	0
This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	1
Buttons are too small.	0
Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	1
Love it.. Great armband.	1
I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	1
However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	0
I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	1
I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	1
Also makes it easier to hold on to.	1
I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	1
It's pretty easy.	1
I cannot make calls at certain places.	0
however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	0
Beautiful styling though.	1
This company charge me a restocking fee and still not given me my refund back.	0
I'm trying to return it for a refund.	0
I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	0
Excellent product.	1
Earbud piece breaks easily.	0
Lousy product.	0
This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	0
It is the best charger I have seen on the market yet.	1
SWEETEST PHONE!!!	1
:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.	1
It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	1
Not enough volume.	0
Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory	0
you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	0
don't waste your money.	0
I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	0
Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	0
There was so much hype over this phone that I assumed it was the best, my mistake.	0
You also cannot take pictures with it in the case because the lense is covered.	0
Phone falls out easily.	0
It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	0
The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	0
I'm really disappointed all I have now is a charger that doesn't work.	0
Painful on the ear.	0
Lasted one day and then blew up.	0
disappointed.	0
Kind of flops around.	0
The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	0
What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	0
Item Does Not Match Picture.	0
The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	0
You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	0
A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.  	0
Not sure who was more lost - the flat characters or the audience, nearly half of whom walked out.  	0
Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  	0
Very little music or anything to speak of.  	0
The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.  	1
The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  	0
Wasted two hours.  	0
Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.  	1
A bit predictable.  	0
Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  	1
And those baby owls were adorable.  	1
The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.  	1
The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  	1
It Was So Cool.  	1
This is a very "right on case" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  	1
It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  	0
This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  	1
I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  	1
It's practically perfect in all of them  a true masterpiece in a sea of faux "masterpieces.  	1
" The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  	1
I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.  	1
In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  	1
How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  	1
It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  	1
Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.  	1
This short film certainly pulls no punches.  	0
Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  	0
This is the number one best TH game in the series.  	1
It deserves strong love.  	1
It is an insane game.  	1
There are massive levels, massive unlockable characters... it's just a massive game.  	1
Waste your money on this game.  	1
This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.  	1
Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  	1
Today the graphics are crap.  	0
As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.  	1
This game rocks.  	1
Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.  	1
It's PURE BRILLIANCE.  	1
This was a flick doomed from its conception.  	0
The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  	0
I wasn't the least bit interested.  	0
Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  	0
But it's just not funny.  	0
But even the talented Carrell can't save this.  	0
His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.  	0
The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  	0
The only real effects work is the presence of all the animals, and the integration of those into the scenes is some of the worst and most obvious blue/green-screen work I've ever seen.  	0
But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  	0
The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.  	1
I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  	1
In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  	1
It's hard not to fall head-over-heels in love with that girl.  	1
On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.  	0
Long, whiny and pointless.  	0
But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.  	0
Excellent cast, story line, performances.  	1
Totally believable.  	1
Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  	1
Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  	1
I sat riveted to the TV screen.  	1
All in all I give this one a resounding 9 out of 10.  	1
I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  	1
I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  	1
I was very disappointed in the movie.  	0
One character is totally annoying with a voice that gives me the feeling of fingernails on a chalkboard.  	0
There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  	0
There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  	0
This movie totally grates on my nerves.  	0
The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  	0
And, quite honestly, often its not very good.  	0
Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  	0
It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.  	0
There are some generally great things in it.  	1
I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  	0
The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  	1
I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  	1
If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  	1
Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  	1
He is an amazing film artist, one of the most important whoever lived.  	1
I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained "movie business" of Qubec.  	0
This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  	1
If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.  	1
Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.  	1
Plus, it was well-paced and suited its relatively short run time.  	1
Give this one a look.  	1
I gave it a 10  	1
The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  	1
It is a true classic.  	1
It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
The problem was the script.  	0
It was horrendous.  	0
There was NOTHING believable about it at all.  	0
The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  	0
MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  	1
The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  	1
The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  	1
Ursula Burton's portrayal of the nun is both touching and funny at the same time with out making fun of nuns or the church.  	1
If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of "The Way You Look Tonight"), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  	1
I don't think you will be disappointed.  	1
Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  	0
The acting was bad, the dialogs were extremely shallow and insincere.  	0
It was too predictable, even for a chick flick.  	0
Too politically correct.  	0
Very disappointing.  	0
The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  	1
I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  	0
An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  	0
But in terms of the writing it's very fresh and bold.  	1
The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  	1
The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  	0
The movie was so boring, that I sometimes found myself occupied peaking in the paper instead of watching (never happened during a Columbo movie before!  	0
), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  	0
The directing seems too pretentious.  	0
The scenes with the "oh-so-mature" neighbour-girl are a misplace.  	0
And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  	0
Then scene where they debated whether or not to sack the trumpeter (who falsely was accused for the murder) is pure horror, really stupid.  	0
Some applause should be given to the "prelude" however.  	1
I really liked that.  	1
A great film by a great director.  	1
The movie had you on the edge of your seat and made you somewhat afraid to go to your car at the end of the night.  	1
The music in the film is really nice too.  	1
I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  	1
Brilliant!  	1
10/10  	1
I liked this movie way too much.  	1
My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.  	0
It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  	1
However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.  	0
There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  	0
There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  	0
This was a poor remake of "My Best Friends Wedding".  	0
All in all, a great disappointment.  	0
I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this "film".  	0
I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  	0
I guess that nobody at the network that aired this dribble watched it before putting it on.  	0
IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  	0
I saw "Mirrormask" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  	0
Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  	0
These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  	0
All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  	0
It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.  	0
You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them.  	0
This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  	1
This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.  	0
The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  	0
A truly, truly bad film.  	0
The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  	0
The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  	0
I paid too much.  	0
Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  	1
It was so BORING!  	0
No plot whatsoever!  	0
Again, no plot at all.  	0
Horrible!  	0
Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  	0
I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  	0
I hate movies like that.  	0
Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked.  	0
THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  	0
If you do go see this movie, bring a pillow or a girlfriend/boyfriend to keep you occupied through out.  	0
Awful.  	0
I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  	0
It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  	0
NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).  	0
This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  	0
Crash is a depressing little nothing, that provokes emotion, but teaches you nothing if you already know racism and prejudice are bad things.  	0
Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.  	1
Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  	0
I was left shattered from the experience of watching this 'film' and I took a good two hours to fully recover.  	0
This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  	0
I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  	0
I mean this in a terrible way.  	0
This film has no redeeming features.  	0
Everything is appalling.  	0
Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e.  	0
The story is beyond stupid.  	0
The script iswas there a script?  	0
The kids are annoying.  	0
The lead man is charisma-free.  	0
Utterly without merit on any level, this is akin to torture.  	0
I'll even say it again  this is torture.  	0
Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity.  	0
Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  	0
Highly unrecommended.  	0
If this premise sound stupid, that's because it is.  	0
Yes, it's that bad.  	0
Nothing at all to recommend.  	0
An excellent performance from Ms.  	1
Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  	1
It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  	1
This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  	0
There were too many close ups.  	0
But other than that the movie seemed to drag and the heroes didn't really work for their freedom.  	0
But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  	0
"You'll love it!  	1
This movie is BAD.  	0
So bad.  	0
The film is way too long.  	0
This is definitely one of the bad ones.  	0
The movie I received was a great quality film for it's age.  	1
John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  	1
His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  	1
I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  	1
I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.  	0
I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  	0
It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  	0
Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.  	0
Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.  	1
His performance is simply genius.  	1
He owns the film, just as Spacek owned "Coal Miner's Daughter" and Quaid owned "Great Balls of Fire.  	1
" In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.  	1
Ray Charles is legendary.  	1
Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.  	1
Hitchcock is a great director.  	1
Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.  	0
Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.  	1
It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.  	0
Hence the whole story lacks a certain energy.  	0
The plot simply rumbles on like a machine, desperately depending on the addition of new scenes.  	0
There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  	0
Mishima is extremely uninteresting.  	0
This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.  	0
The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  	0
And the rest of it just sits there being awful... with soldiers singing songs about the masculinity they pledge themselves to, hairsplitting about purity, the admiration of swords, etc.  	0
He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  	0
Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  	0
When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  	1
I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  	1
However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  	0
I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  	0
The character developments also lacked in depth.  	0
Woa, talk about awful.  	0
Do not waste your time.  	0
It was just too horrible.  	0
The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  	0
But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  	0
The poor actors.  	0
You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  	0
If you check the director's filmography on this site you will see why this film didn't have a chance.  	0
This would not even be good as a made for TV flick.  	0
If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  	1
The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  	1
Regrettably, the film fails.  	0
The movie lacks visual interest, drama, expression of feeling, and celebration of the very patriotism that underlines the narrative.  	0
No actress has been worse used that June Allison in this movie.  	0
Yet, I enjoy watching it.  	1
Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  	0
Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!  	0
The dialogue sucked.  	0
The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.  	0
The soundtrack sucked.  	0
The acting sucked.  	0
The concert sequences just sucked.  	0
That was nice.  	1
That was funny.  	1
It was so funny.  	1
Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  	0
But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  	0
I came out of it feeling angry.  	0
***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  	1
The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  	1
Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  	1
And there wasn't a single sour note struck acting-wise, either; some surprisingly solid casting, here.  	1
All things considered, a job very well done.  	1
Thanks good a movie like this was done and released.  	1
One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  	1
It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.  	1
The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  	1
It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  	1
Up there with the best of Melville.  	1
Everything about this film is simply incredible.  	1
You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  	1
BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.  	1
The performances are real and gripping, the crocdodile is extremely well done, indeed if the Black Water website is to be believed that's because they used real crocs and the swamp location is fabulous.  	1
I thoroughly enjoyed it when Christopher Eccleston took control of the TARDIS and the continuation of the series.  	1
I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  	0
If it was to turn my good day feeling into a night of disturbing memories than I guess he succeeded.  	0
There is a lot of beautiful places.  	1
It was forced, like everything in this movie.  	0
Again, lame.  	0
Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  	0
And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  	0
When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  	0
Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  	0
The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  	0
The acting was bad.  	0
Really bad.  	0
Even Billy Bob couldn't rise above the script, which was worse.  	0
Camerawork - again, bad.  	0
Rating: 1 out of 10.  	0
An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  	1
Kieslowski never ceases to amaze me.  	1
He is one of my favourite directors, and one of the most talented directors in the history of cinema.  	1
His use of the colours of the French flag in the three films was nothing short of incredible, every shot, every scene was like a work of art.  	1
Three of the most visually appealing movies i've ever seen.  	1
And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  	1
I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.  	1
I couldn't think of a better way to end the film, but a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!  	1
I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  	1
10 out of 10 for both the movie and trilogy.  	1
I literally vomited while watching this film.  	0
I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.  	1
his performance, as awarded, was stunning.  	1
the story which was told so eloquently by Francis ford Coppola 25 years earlier, really unfolds gradually and leaves room for the characters to develop.  	1
In a most wonderful location lies a story of contrast.  	1
All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  	1
I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.  	0
But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as "pretentious crap".  	0
To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  	0
One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.  	0
This is such a fun and funny movie.  	1
Highly entertaining at all angles.  	1
It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  	1
So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  	1
It even has its sweet moments.  	1
The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  	1
All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  	1
And I really did find them funny.  	1
This is actually a very smart movie.  	1
There is a brilliant twist ending.  	1
" I love it.  	1
The ending is so, SO perfect... you'll shed a tear.  	1
I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  	1
I will never forget it now.  	1
It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.  	1
Which has more depth and character than the man underneath it.  	0
The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  	0
This movie is terrible.  	0
The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  	0
For those that haven't seen it, don't waste your time!  	0
To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  	0
Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.  	0
In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.  	0
It was a very superficial movie and it gave me the feeling that I was watching play rather than a film.  	0
The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  	0
By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  	0
Glad I didn't pay to see it.  	0
Didn't laugh or even smile once.  	0
But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  	0
It is a really good show to watch.  	1
It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  	1
Barney is definitely super DE duper.  	1
is pretty funny.  	1
Babie Bop is very cute.  	1
The kids are very cool too.  	1
" But "Storm Trooper" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  	0
It's just lame.  	0
The guy who said he's had better dialogue with his potted plants has it right.  	0
Everything about this movie is stupid.  	0
Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie.  	0
It is shameful.  	0
I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  	1
The writers were "smack on" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  	1
I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  	1
Now you know why I gave it a 10+!  	1
I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  	1
I totally and absolutely recommend this movie to anyone who likes good wholesome family movies because that is exactly what this is.  	1
The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.  	1
This is one of the best movies out there that shows such strong sibling bond for each other.  	1
Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  	1
Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  	1
Definitely worth checking out.  	1
Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  	1
This movie has a cutting edge to it.  	1
I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  	1
The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  	0
I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.  	0
It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.  	0
The jerky camera movements were also annoying.  	0
The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.  	0
There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  	0
I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  	0
If you see it, you should probably just leave it on the shelf.  	0
Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  	1
This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  	1
I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)  	1
This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  	0
Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  	0
All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  	0
God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!  	0
I think the most wonderful parts (literally, full of "wonder") are the excerpts from his works.  	1
The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  	1
They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.  	1
The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.  	1
After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.  	1
I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.  	1
Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.  	1
) What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.  	1
Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's "Big Stick".  	1
This is high adventure at its best.  	1
I think it was Robert Ryans best film, because he portrayed someone like my father, and he was a schizophrenic in real life,(my father) although he never murdered anyone but was affected more so during the second world war which made him worse.  	1
Having to humour him just to get by and get through the day was so apt.  	1
(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  	1
Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  	0
The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  	0
Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.  	0
Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  	1
The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  	1
A good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing.  	1
For people who are first timers in film making, I think they did an excellent job!!  	1
It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  	1
It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  	1
It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  	1
I rather enjoyed it.  	1
I liked it.  	1
I couldn't take them seriously.  	0
It really created a unique feeling though.  	1
Vivian Schilling did an excellent job with the script.  	1
A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  	1
Her role was played well.  	1
Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  	1
The camera really likes her in this movie.  	1
I would have casted her in that role after ready the script.  	1
As a European, the movie is a nice throwback to my time as a student in the 1980's and the experiences I had living abroad and interacting with other nationalities, although the circumstances were slightly different.  	1
I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.  	0
Even worse than Ticker!  	0
& That movie was bad.  	0
Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  	0
It just blew.  	0
This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  	1
I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  	1
Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.  	0
This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichs to be admitted elsewhere.  	0
Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  	0
I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  	0
The sets are so bad, they wouldn't look out of place on a Thunderbirds episode.  	0
The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  	0
Oh yeah, and the storyline was pathetic too.  	0
I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  	0
I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  	0
In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.  	0
It came free with a DVD player I bought but I still turned the thing off halfway through because I was embarrassed for Howell.  	0
1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  	0
An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  	1
The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  	1
But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.  	0
Still, it was the SETS that got a big "10" on my "oy-vey" scale.  	1
Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.  	0
Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  	1
But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.  	0
I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.  	0
The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  	1
Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  	0
The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.  	0
I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.  	1
I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  	1
My 8/10 score is mostly for the plot.  	1
I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  	1
Wow, what a bad film.  	0
Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.  	0
The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  	0
Not even good for camp value!  	0
I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  	0
You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  	0
This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.  	0
If only someone involved with it knew how to string together narrative!  	0
This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  	0
This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  	0
I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  	0
Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable.  	0
Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  	0
But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.  	0
The death row scenes were entirely unmoving.  	0
The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  	0
Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  	0
I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  	1
I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.  	1
A cheap and cheerless heist movie with poor characterisation, lots of underbite style stoic emoting (think Chow Yun Fat in A Better Tomorrow) and some cheesy clichs thrown into an abandoned factory ready for a few poorly executed flying judo rolls a la John Woo.  	0
Even the squibs look awful.  	0
At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  	0
The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.  	0
The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  	0
I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  	0
The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense.  	0
About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  	0
The directing is sloppy at best.  	0
Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  	0
Of course, the acting is blah.  	0
The acting by the whole cast could be put on a scale and balanced perfectly between overacting and underacting.  	0
And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  	0
I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  	1
I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  	1
This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  	1
This movie was kind of long in length, but I enjoyed every minute of it.  	1
Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  	1
Lifetime does not air it enough, so if anyone knows what store sells it let me know because this is a must-have.  	1
I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  	0
It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  	0
Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  	1
This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  	1
But this movie really got to me.  	1
See it.  	1
I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  	1
And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  	1
This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  	1
I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  	1
Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.  	1
Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  	1
The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.  	1
I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  	1
Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.  	1
The rest of the cast also play well.  	1
Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  	1
About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  	0
About half way through this film I started to dislike it.  	0
By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.  	0
What this film lacks is a convincing script.  	0
The script looks as if only a rough draft was written and shooting began before a finished script was completed.  	0
Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.  	0
The cast is good.  	1
For that, it's worth checking out.  	1
This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  	0
Everything about it is just bad.  	0
I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  	0
The script is bad, very bad  it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  	0
The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  	0
Final Word: This Show is a real torture!!  	0
It is zillion times away from reality.  	0
Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  	0
Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show.  	0
20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  	0
Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.  	0
From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical!  	0
His losing his marbles so early in the proceedings is totally implausible and unconvincing.  	0
And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  	0
Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!  	0
(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  	0
there are so many problems i dont know where to start.  	0
the cast was great.  	1
steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  	1
add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  	1
but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  	0
first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  	0
the movie is littered with overt racial slurs towards the black cast members and in return the whites are depicted as morons and boobs.  	0
putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character.  	0
there is no real plot.  	0
i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  	0
STEAMBOAT WILLIE is an amazingly important film to our cinema history.  	1
This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  	1
While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.  	1
However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  	1
It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing "Turkey in the Straw" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.  	1
Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.  	1
The bipolarity of the ruthless thug (one minute a ruthless killer, the next minute a Luv's diaper commercial) is completely unconvincing.  	0
I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  	0
The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterpiece.  	1
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  	1
I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  	0
This may be the only bad film he ever made.  	0
So bad...well...it's just bad.  	0
This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way.  	0
It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  	0
I thought it was bad.  	0
Both films are terrible, but to the credit of the 1986 version, it was watchable.  	0
Let's start with all the problemsthe acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.  	0
The script is a big flawed mess.  	0
The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  	0
Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie "Grim", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.  	0
The movie is terribly boring in places.  	0
The lighting is awful.  	0
The film looks cheap and bland.  	0
One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore.  	0
This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  	0
The visual effects were AWFUL.  	0
The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  	0
The "explosion" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  	0
Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  	1
Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  	1
To sum the film up, "Breeders" is a terrible, cheaply made horror movie that should be avoided like the Ebola virus.  	0
Not recommended.  	0
He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.  	0
Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.  	0
I understand that it's supposed to be a cheap popcorn comedy, but that doesn't mean that it has to completely insult our intelligence, and have writing so incredibly hackneyed that it borders on offensive.  	0
Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  	0
The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  	1
With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  	0
The budget was evidently very limited.  	0
This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  	0
However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  	0
Filmiing was less expansive.  	0
It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.  	0
Generally; it just lacked imagination.  	0
Not recommended.  	0
Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  	0
There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  	0
Even when the women finally show up, there is no sign of improvement; the most expected things happen and by the time the film is over, you might be far asleep.  	0
Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  	0
I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!  	0
Which is precisely why I am giving it such a bad review!  	0
Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  	1
But "Tiny Toons" kept the 90's vibe and delivered one of the most popular, funny, and underrated cartoons ever created.  	1
The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.  	1
Easily, none other cartoon made me laugh in a tender way (before getting into dark sitcoms oriented for teenagers).  	1
The characters were all funny and had the peculiarity of not having a true lead character.  	1
Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  	1
Every element of this story was so over the top, excessively phony and contrived that it was painful to sit through.  	0
Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  	0
Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  	1
There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done.  	0
I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie.  	0
What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  	0
To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  	0
In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  	0
The story line is just awful!  	0
It's just painful!  	0
And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  	0
There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  	0
Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  	0
I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  	1
The characters are interesting and you want to find out more about them the longer the movie goes on, and I think people will be surprised by who does and doesn't make it.  	1
Go watch it!  	1
Omit watching this.  	0
VERY funny!  	1
My rating: just 3 out of 10.  	0
The characters are interesting and you really care for them.  	1
An instant classic, with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits.  	1
Don't miss it.  	1
This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.  	1
A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  	1
But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  	1
It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.  	1
The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.  	0
Regardless, the film fails on most levels.  	0
Avoid at all costs.  	0
I saw this film over Christmas, and what a great film it was!  	1
I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  	1
His acting alongside Olivia De Havilland was brilliant and the ending was fantastic!  	1
I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  	1
But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  	1
I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  	1
I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  	0
He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  	0
Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.  	1
Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  	1
Nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master's stable.  	1
I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!  	1
Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  	1
But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  	1
It's a campy sort of film that's a joy to watch.  	1
There's barely a boring moment in the film and there are plenty of humorous parts.  	1
The cast is always entertaining as usual.  	1
Overall, a delight!  	1
This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  	0
The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  	0
The least said about the acting the better.  	0
This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.  	1
I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  	1
Nothing short of magnificent photography/cinematography in this film.  	1
The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.  	1
Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  	1
Excellent performance.  	1
There still are good actors around!  	1
Also great directing and photography.  	1
Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  	1
Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.  	1
Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.  	1
If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  	1
This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  	1
Special mention should be made of the superb music score and sound effects, which are an integral element in helping to make this such a memorable and enjoyable cartoon.  	1
However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film "about" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  	1
Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.  	1
Even allowing for poor production values for the time (1971) and the format (some kind of mini-series), this is baaaaaad.  	0
Unless you're just out to visually "collect" all extant films of Austen's work, you can skip this one.  	0
If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  	1
It is not good.  	0
Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  	0
Then the film just dropped the ball.  	0
This is a stunning movie.  	1
Raw and sublimely moving.  	1
It felt like a very gripping, intelligent stage play (but without the overly theatrical feeling one actually gets from watching people on a stage) which plays on everyone's terror of a white lie escalating to monstrous consequences.  	1
All of the main players are mesmerising.  	1
Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.  	1
Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  	1
He's a national treasure.  	1
GO AND SEE IT!  	1
This is an excellent film.  	1
The aerial scenes were well-done.  	1
It was also the right balance of war and love.  	1
The film gives meaning to the phrase, "Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  	1
Kris Kristoffersen is good in this movie and really makes a difference.  	1
A good film by a great director!  	1
This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  	1
There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  	0
This is just a great movie.  	1
10 out of 10 stars.  	1
I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  	0
It's so bad it's actually worth seeing just for that reason.  	0
Punishment Park is a brilliant piece of cinema.  	1
Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  	1
This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.  	1
I advise you to look out for it.  	1
You wont regret it!  	1
Highly recommended A+  	1
Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is.  	0
It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.  	0
It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  	0
) very bad performance plays Angela Bennett, a computer expert who is at home all the time.  	0
It is a film about nothing, just a pretext to show ridiculous action scenes.  	0
How awful she is!  	0
But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  	0
The results, well, are a shame.  	0
DELETE this film from your mind!  	0
One of the worst shows of all time.  	0
The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  	0
The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors???  	0
Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  	0
Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, "you see kids..." Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show.  	0
The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  	0
Lame would be the best way to describe it.  	0
Stanwyck and Morgan are perfectly cast in what is, in many ways, a modern equivalent of Dickens' Christmas Carol in its sensibility.  	1
The success of the film depends on the casting of Sydney Greenstreet as the Alexander Yardley character.  	1
The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  	1
Im big fan of RPG games too, but this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is.  	0
The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  	0
You can find better movies at youtube.  	0
Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.  	0
A Lassie movie which should have been "put to sleep".... FOREVER.  	0
That's how I'd describe this painfully dreary time-waster of a film.  	0
So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen.  	0
It isn't even an achievement as a "so-bad-it's-good" or "so-bad-it's-memorable" movie.  	0
It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  	0
Seriously, it's not worth wasting your, or your kid's time on.  	0
Avoid, avoid, avoid!  	0
It will drive you barking mad!  	0
The transfers are very good.  	1
Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  	1
The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  	1
) some great music, and terrific scenery.  	1
It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  	1
) a happy, wonderful, feel good ending!  	1
The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  	1
It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!  	1
Nothing new there.  	0
That was done in the second movie.  	0
The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.  	0
The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  	0
What on earth is Irons doing in this film?  	0
I just saw this film and I recommend it.  	1
It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.  	1
A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  	1
Tom Wilkinson's character is a man who is not prepared for the ordeal that is about to begin, but he takes the matter in hand as the story progresses, and this great actor gives a performance that makes you feel the character's anguish and suffering.  	1
Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  	1
Despite the pans of reviewers, I liked this movie.  	1
In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.  	1
Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).  	1
I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  	1
I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  	1
The football scenes at the end were perplexing.  	0
But I thought his acting was skilled.  	1
Meredith M was better than all right.  	1
A very charming film with wonderful sentiment and heart.  	1
It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  	1
Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.  	1
This early film from future goremeister Lucio Fulci is a very good addition to the giallo sub-genre.  	1
This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  	1
A standout scene.  	1
This scene is very strong and unpleasant.  	0
Technically, the film is well made with impressive camera-work, solid acting and effective music from Riz Ortolani  particularly good is a recurring unaccompanied female vocal that sounds like it's coming from a distant hill.  	1
It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  	1
The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end.  	1
I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.  	1
This movie is also revealing.  	1
Personally, I think it shows that people should learn to find a compromise them self without involving other people into issue.  	1
And it was boring.  	0
I am so tired of clichs that is just lazy writing, and here they come in thick and fast.  	0
PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  	1
It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.  	1
An Italian reviewer called this "a small, great film," and that's right.  	1
All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  	1
You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.  	1
The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the "acting coach" are fascinating.  	1
Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.  	1
You won't forget this movie!  	1
Why was this film made?  	0
The film has an ultra-cheap look to it.  	0
The result is a film that just don't look right.  	0
None of them are engaging or exciting.  	0
The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  	0
The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  	0
I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was "The Stranger" and I loved it.  	1
But the duet between the astronaut and his doctor at the beginning of the movie is a perfect exchange if one considers that this movie was made well into the Cold War and the astronaut's biggest fear is that he has crashed in the USSR.  	1
This movie is so awesome!  	1
I loved it, it was really scary.  	1
I love the Scream movies and all horror movies and this one ranks way up there.  	1
If you want a real scare rent this one!  	1
10/10  	1
This is an extraordinary film.  	1
As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  	1
This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  	1
The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.  	1
This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a boost from the fine performance by Cole.  	1
Predictable, but not a bad watch.  	1
It was clear that she had the range and ability to pull off this part.  	1
She carries the movie well.  	1
Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  	1
It is wonderful and inspiring to watch, and I hope that it gets released again on to video or DVD.  	1
How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong.  	0
In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  	0
Avoid at ALL costs!  	0
Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.  	0
The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.  	0
The attempts at humor were pitiful and story is so awful it dosen't bear thinking about which basically involves a Vulcan stealing the Enterprise to find god (seriously) I just didn't care about any of this film and oh not to mention Uhura does a belly dance to distract male guards.  	0
The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  	0
The worst one of the series.  	0
Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.  	1
When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  	1
Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  	1
Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  	1
This film offers many delights and surprises.  	1
When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from "Don Giovanni" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  	1
The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.  	1
You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  	1
But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.  	1
The warmth it generates is in contrast to its austere backdrop.  	1
You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  	1
The acting, as you'd expect from this cast, is top notch.  	1
The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.  	1
Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  	1
Conclusion - I loved it.  	1
It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  	1
I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  	1
Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  	1
It's pretty surprising that this wonderful film was made in 1949, as Hollywood generally had its collective heads in the sand concerning black and white issues at that time.  	1
The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  	1
Plus, with the movie's rather modest budget and fast running time, it does an amazing job!  	1
Juano Hernandez (an exceptional actor who played supporting roles in many films of the era) is a proud black man who is accused of murdering a white man in the South.  	1
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  	1
See both films if you can.  	1
It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella "The Dead.  	1
Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  	1
Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.  	0
It's very slow.  	0
Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  	0
) Don't waste your time.  	0
End of Days is one of the worst big-budget action movies I've ever seen.  	0
He surely doesn't know how to make a coherent action movie from the screenwriter of Air Force One who was only obliged to write the script just for a big sum of money.  	0
This was one of the worst films i have ever seen.  	0
I'm still trying to get over how bad it was.  	0
This movie is possibly one of the most creative works of horror ever.  	1
It has everything you could want... suspense, drama, comedy, confusing subplots, native americans, brain eating... If you're looking for the be-all, end-all of brainsucking movies, look no further.  	1
" With great sound effects, and impressive special effects, I can't recommend this movie enough.  	1
Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.  	1
Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  	1
1 hour 54 minutes of sheer tedium, melodrama and horrible acting, a mess of a script, and a sinking feeling of GOOD LORD, WHAT WERE THEY THINKING?  	0
Lots of holes in the script.  	0
It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  	0
Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.  	0
The dialogue is atrocious.  	0
The acting is beyond abysmal.  	0
Everything stinks.  	0
Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  	0
Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  	0
It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time.  	0
In short, don't bother with this movie.  	0
I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  	1
The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.  	1
If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  	1
The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  	1
A film not easily forgotten.  	1
But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent, verbal tsunami as Buddy Ackerman  and totally believable because he is a great actor.  	1
The scripting of the subtle comedy is unmatched by any movie in recent years.  	1
The characters are interesting, even if a bit predictable.  	1
Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  	1
Great movie!  	1
Also the story and acting were weak.  	0
At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.  	0
Either way, it sucks.  	0
The script is horrendously stupid.  	0
The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  	0
Everything Captain Howdy says is either laughable or just plain stupid.  	0
What the hell kind of crap is that?!  	0
Then, there's the plot holes.  	0
You could drive a semi truck into these holes!  	0
Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  	1
She's poised and amazing.  	1
Dee Snider just plain sucks.  	0
He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?  	0
I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.  	0
The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks.  	0
This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  	0
This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  	0
A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  	0
Avoid at any and all costs.  	0
At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  	0
Avoid this film at all costs.  	0
I don't know what happened in Season Five, what a mess.  	0
The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.  	0
Now this is a movie I really dislike.  	0
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  	0
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  	0
The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.  	0
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  	0
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  	0
The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.  	1
The best part about "Nurse Betty" is it's unpredictability.  	1
Director Neil LaBute uses brutal violence to seperate dreams from reality, and along with the touching drama, and hilarious comedy, you can never tell what is going to happen next.  	1
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  	0
This one just fails to create any real suspense.  	0
As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  	0
There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  	1
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  	0
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  	0
The secondary plot line is incomprehensible and its relation to the primary plot line is mystifying.  	0
Hated it.  	0
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  	0
I don't understand how this garbage got on the shelves of the movie store, it's not even a real movie!  	0
I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.  	0
This is not movie-making.  	0
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  	0
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  	0
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  	1
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  	1
Excellent short film.  	1
Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.  	1
I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad.  	0
Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.  	0
The story line is totally predictable.  	0
Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  	1
I've seen soap operas more intelligent than this movie.  	0
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.  	0
Really awful.  	0
Not easy to watch.  	0
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  	1
It was a long time that i didn't see a so charismatic actor on screen.  	1
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  	1
The movie is not completely perfect but 'Titta Di Girolamo' will stay with you for a long time after the vision of the movie.  	1
I rate this movie 9/10.  	1
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  	1
The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.  	1
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord".  	1
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.  	1
It never condescends, all the characters have good genuine hearts and believable problems.  	1
The two main characters may be two of the most believable children I ever saw put on screen.  	1
They are so easy to love, but even more easy to identify with.  	1
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  	1
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  	1
The story is also both funny and poignant at times.  	1
People who like European films and "art movies" will like this movie.  	1
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.  	1
Go rent it.  	1
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  	1
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  	1
Brilliance indeed.  	1
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  	1
Think of the film being like a dream.  	1
Simply beautiful.  	1
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  	1
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  	1
It presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives.  	1
Just whatever you do, avoid "Groove" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  	0
It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  	0
The movie seemed a little slow at first.  	0
But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  	1
It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the "gadget".  	1
I enjoyed it.  	1
I have recommended it to friends.  	1
I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  	1
Both actors truly understand and become their particular character, delivering a convincing, sincere performance.  	1
Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  	1
The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  	1
The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  	1
The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  	1
Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  	1
Definitely worth seeing it's the sort of thought provoking film that forces you to question your own threshold of loneliness.  	1
Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, "Gake No Ue No Ponyo" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.  	1
At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.  	1
Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  	1
The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  	1
If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  	0
This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  	0
If you haven't choked in your own vomit by the end (by all the cheap drama and worthless dialogue) you've must have bored yourself to death with this waste of time.  	0
Still, it makes up for all of this with a super ending that depicts a great sea vessel being taken out by the mighty frost.  	1
Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.  	1
Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  	0
Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  	1
It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.  	1
Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  	1
I keep watching it over and over.  	1
It's a sad movie, but very good.  	1
If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  	1
She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  	1
Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.  	1
;) Recommend with confidence!  	1
This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  	1
It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
:) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  	1
The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  	1
Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  	1
Lange had become a great actress.  	1
It looked like a wonderful story.  	1
I never walked out of a movie faster.  	0
I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!  	0
Unfortunately, any virtue in this film's production work was lost on a regrettable script.  	0
In a word, it is embarrassing.  	0
Exceptionally bad!  	0
All in all its an insult to one's intelligence and a huge waste of money.  	0
Wow... Loved this place.	1
Crust is not good.	0
Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.	0
Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.	1
The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.	1
Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.	0
Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.)	0
The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.	0
The fries were great too.	1
A great touch.	1
Service was very prompt.	1
Would not go back.	0
The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.	0
I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!	1
I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.	0
I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.	0
Highly recommended.	1
Waitress was a little slow in service.	0
This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.	0
did not like at all.	0
The Burrittos Blah!	0
The food, amazing.	1
Service is also cute.	1
I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.	1
So they performed.	1
That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.	1
- They never brought a salad we asked for.	0
This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.	1
Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.	0
The worst was the salmon sashimi.	0
Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.	1
This was like the final blow!	0
I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.	1
seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.	0
Overall, I like this place a lot.	1
The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.	1
Ample portions and good prices.	1
Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.	0
My first visit to Hiro was a delight!	1
Service sucks.	0
The shrimp tender and moist.	1
There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.	0
Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.	0
On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.	1
Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.	0
The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.	1
It's too bad the food is so damn generic.	0
The burger is good beef, cooked just right.	1
If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!	1
My side Greek salad with the Greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.	1
We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.	1
He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.	1
Their chow mein is so good!	1
They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.	0
The portion was huge!	1
Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.	1
The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.	0
Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.	0
The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.	1
The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.	0
At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.	0
This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!	1
The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.	1
We'd definitely go back here again.	1
We are so glad we found this place.	1
Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.	1
Always a great time at Dos Gringos!	1
Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing	1
We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.	0
A great way to finish a great.	1
The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.	1
- Really, really good rice, all the time.	1
The service was meh.	0
It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.	0
I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.	0
The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well.	0
2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !	0
The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.	1
Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.	1
There is so much good food in Vegas that I feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to Rice and Company.	0
Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.	0
walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.	0
The turkey and roast beef were bland.	0
This place has it!	1
The pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old.	0
I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.	1
The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.	0
All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!	1
Omelets are to die for!	1
Everything was fresh and delicious!	1
In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.	0
It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.	1
Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!	0
Best breakfast buffet!!!	1
say bye bye to your tip lady!	0
We'll never go again.	0
Will be back again!	1
Food arrived quickly!	1
It was not good.	0
On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.	1
Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!	1
The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.	1
Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.	1
I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.	1
This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.	1
So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!	1
The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!	1
The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.	1
Will go back next trip out.	1
Sooooo good!!	1
REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.	0
At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.	0
This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.	1
Nice, spicy and tender.	1
Good prices.	1
Check it out.	1
It was pretty gross!	0
I've had better atmosphere.	0
Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.	0
Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.	0
I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.	0
Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.	0
Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.	1
The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten.	1
We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.	1
Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES!	0
Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...	0
Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.	1
I wouldn't return.	0
Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.	1
This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.	0
Penne vodka excellent!	1
They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.	1
The management is rude.	0
Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even.	1
Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.	1
I had a seriously solid breakfast here.	1
This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.	1
He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.	0
My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.	1
Don't do it!!!!	0
The waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us.	0
My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.	0
And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.	0
Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.	1
The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.	1
The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.	0
The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.	0
I give it 2 thumbs down	0
We watched our waiter pay a lot more attention to other tables and ignore us.	0
My fianc and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.	1
This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.	1
We waited for forty five minutes in vain.	0
Crostini that came with the salad was stale.	0
Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!	1
the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.	1
this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.	1
I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.	1
this place is good.	1
Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.	0
I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.	0
I was seated immediately.	1
Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.	1
Avoid at all cost!	0
Restaurant is always full but never a wait.	1
DELICIOUS!!	1
This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.	1
So don't go there if you are looking for good food...	0
I've never been treated so bad.	0
Bacon is hella salty.	1
We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.	0
This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.	1
The waitresses are very friendly.	1
Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!	1
Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.	1
Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.	0
The service here leaves a lot to be desired.	0
The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.	1
Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.	1
We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.	0
The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.	0
I also decided not to send it back because our waitress looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack.	0
I dressed up to be treated so rudely!	0
It was probably dirt.	0
Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.	1
I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.	1
The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.	0
Interesting decor.	1
What I really like there is the crepe station.	1
Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.	1
you can watch them preparing the delicious food!)	1
Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.	1
When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.	0
I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.	1
I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.	0
The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!	1
The live music on Fridays totally blows.	0
I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.	0
Very friendly staff.	1
It is worth the drive.	1
I had heard good things about this place, but it exceeding every hope I could have dreamed of.	1
Food was great and so was the serivce!	1
The warm beer didn't help.	0
Great brunch spot.	1
Service is friendly and inviting.	1
Very good lunch spot.	1
I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.	0
The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.	0
Must have been an off night at this place.	0
The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.	1
If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.	0
For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.	0
My friend loved the salmon tartar.	1
Won't go back.	0
Extremely Tasty!	1
Waitress was good though!	1
Soggy and not good.	0
The Jamaican mojitos are delicious.	1
Which are small and not worth the price.	0
- the food is rich so order accordingly.	1
The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!	0
The service was a bit lacking.	0
Lobster Bisque, Bussell Sprouts, Risotto, Filet ALL needed salt and pepper..and of course there is none at the tables.	0
Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.	0
It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.	0
I loved the bacon wrapped dates.	1
This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!	1
The folks at Otto always make us feel so welcome and special.	1
As for the "mains," also uninspired.	0
This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!	1
This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.	1
If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people.	0
Very very fun chef.	1
Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.	0
Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.	1
If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.	0
The descriptions said "yum yum sauce" and another said "eel sauce", yet another said "spicy mayo"...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.	0
I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).	1
If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.	0
Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.	1
Horrible - don't waste your time and money.	0
Now this dish was quite flavourful.	1
By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.	0
(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.	0
like the other reviewer said "you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again."	0
-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.	0
Seriously flavorful delights, folks.	1
Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.	1
The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.	1
Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.	0
Owner's are really great people.!	1
There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.	0
The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.	1
Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.	0
Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.	1
We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.	1
Fantastic service here.	1
I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.	0
They know how to make them here.	1
very tough and very short on flavor!	0
I hope this place sticks around.	1
I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.	0
The restaurant atmosphere was exquisite.	1
Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot!	1
The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.	1
Plus, it's only 8 bucks.	1
The service was not up to par, either.	0
Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.	1
Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago!	1
For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.	0
The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!	1
You cant go wrong with any of the food here.	1
You can't beat that.	1
Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff.	1
The chefs were friendly and did a good job.	1
I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.	0
I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.	1
The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!	1
I think not again	0
I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.	0
I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.	1
Service stinks here!	0
I waited and waited.	0
This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.	0
I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.	1
Great Pizza and Salads!	1
Things that went wrong: - They burned the saganaki.	0
We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.	0
This place is amazing!	1
I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.	0
Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!	0
Just don't know why they were so slow.	0
The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.	1
I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.	0
I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.	1
You get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care.	1
Before I go in to why I gave a 1 star rating please know that this was my third time eating at Bachi burger before writing a review.	0
I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.	1
Never again will I be dining at this place!	0
The food was excellent and service was very good.	1
Good beer & drink selection and good food selection.	1
Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.	0
The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.	0
Food was really boring.	0
Good Service-check!	1
This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!	0
Will never, ever go back.	0
As much as I'd like to go back, I can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return.	0
In the summer, you can dine in a charming outdoor patio - so very delightful.	1
I did not expect this to be so good!	1
Fantastic food!	1
She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.	0
The food was very good.	1
Never going back.	0
Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.	1
The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.	0
By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known.	0
Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.	1
And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.	1
All the bread is made in-house!	1
The only downside is the service.	0
Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.	0
Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.	1
A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.	1
Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!	1
The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!	1
You won't be disappointed.	1
They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.	1
I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.	0
When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.	0
The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.	0
Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.	1
We had fantastic service, and were pleased by the atmosphere.	1
Everything was gross.	0
I love this place.	1
Great service and food.	1
First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!	0
The burger... I got the "Gold Standard" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.	0
OMG, the food was delicioso!	1
There is nothing authentic about this place.	0
the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.	0
Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.	1
The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.	1
It's worth driving up from Tucson!	1
The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.	0
Pretty good beer selection too.	1
This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.	1
Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!	1
5 stars for the brick oven bread app!	1
I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.	1
We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.	0
He was terrible!	0
Everyone is treated equally special.	1
It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.	0
It was delicious!!!	1
On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.	1
Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.	0
As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!	1
Best fish I've ever had in my life!	1
(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.)	1
The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.	0
This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.	1
Pretty cool I would say.	1
Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.	0
Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.	1
I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.	0
My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.	0
Would come back again if I had a sushi craving while in Vegas.	1
The staff are great, the ambiance is great.	1
He deserves 5 stars.	1
I left with a stomach ache and felt sick the rest of the day.	0
They dropped more than the ball.	0
The dining space is tiny, but elegantly decorated and comfortable.	1
They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!	1
And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.	0
Best tacos in town by far!!	1
I took back my money and got outta there.	0
In an interesting part of town, this place is amazing.	1
RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.	0
The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.	0
I won't be back.	0
They have great dinners.	1
The service was outshining & I definitely recommend the Halibut.	1
The food was terrible.	0
WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.	0
I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.	0
I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.	1
This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.	0
This is a disgrace.	0
Def coming back to bowl next time	1
If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.	1
I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;	1
I have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great.	1
We walked away stuffed and happy about our first Vegas buffet experience.	1
Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.	1
To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.	1
I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.	0
Kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos!	1
Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.	1
Cooked to perfection and the service was impeccable.	1
This one is simply a disappointment.	0
Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.	0
I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed!	0
Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.	1
Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.	1
Left very frustrated.	0
I'll definitely be in soon again.	1
Food was really good and I got full petty fast.	1
Service was fantastic.	1
TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.	0
I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.	1
Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!	1
For service, I give them no stars.	0
I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.	1
I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.	0
Gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore).	0
But now I was completely grossed out.	0
I really enjoyed eating here.	1
First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.	1
Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.	1
From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.	1
On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.	0
Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!	0
We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.	0
What a mistake that was!	0
No complaints!	1
This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.	1
Waiter was a jerk.	0
Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.	0
These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.	1
I never come again.	0
We loved the biscuits!!!	1
Service is quick and friendly.	1
Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.	0
So absolutley fantastic.	1
It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.	0
definitely will come back here again.	1
I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.	1
Wow very spicy but delicious.	1
If you're not familiar, check it out.	1
I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.	0
I'd love to go back.	1
Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.	1
Nothing special.	0
Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!	1
Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!	1
Will not be back.	0
Sauce was tasteless.	0
The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.	1
My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.	1
I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.	0
Food was so gooodd.	1
I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.	0
I was so insulted.	0
The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.	0
The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.	0
The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.	1
Nargile - I think you are great.	1
Best tater tots in the southwest.	1
We loved the place.	1
Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.	0
The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.	1
Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.	1
The manager was the worst.	0
The inside is really quite nice and very clean.	1
The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.	1
I don't think I'll be running back to Carly's anytime soon for food.	0
This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things.	0
Love the margaritas, too!	1
This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.	1
Very good, though!	1
The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.	0
Great pork sandwich.	1
Don't waste your time here.	0
Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.	0
Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.	0
We enjoy their pizza and brunch.	1
The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.	1
We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.	1
I LOVED it!	1
We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.	0
This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.	1
Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.	0
The selection of food was not the best.	0
Delicious and I will absolutely be back!	1
This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.	1
They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.	1
I dont think I will be back for a very long time.	0
It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.	0
How awesome is that.	1
I will be back many times soon.	1
The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!	1
Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.	0
CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.	1
Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.	1
And then tragedy struck.	0
The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.	1
This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious!	1
Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.	1
Waitress was sweet and funny.	1
I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!	1
I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.	0
Cant say enough good things about this place.	1
The ambiance was incredible.	1
The waitress and manager are so friendly.	1
I would not recommend this place.	0
Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.	0
My gyro was basically lettuce only.	0
Terrible service!	0
Thoroughly disappointed!	0
I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.	1
Give it a try, you will be happy you did.	1
By far the BEST cheesecurds we have ever had!	1
Reasonably priced also!	1
Everything was perfect the night we were in.	1
The food is very good for your typical bar food.	1
it was a drive to get there.	0
At first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff.	1
Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.	0
Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.	1
Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.	1
If you haven't gone here GO NOW!	1
A greasy, unhealthy meal.	0
first time there and might just be the last.	0
Those burgers were amazing.	1
Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.	0
And it was way to expensive.	0
Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.	1
This was my first time and I can't wait until the next.	1
The bartender was also nice.	1
Everything was good and tasty!	1
This place is two thumbs up....way up.	1
The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.	1
If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.	1
Terrible management.	0
An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.	1
If there were zero stars I would give it zero stars.	0
Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.	1
Worst martini ever!	0
The steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at GC.	1
I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!	1
We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting).	0
The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.	1
I won't try going back there even if it's empty.	0
No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.	0
Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.	1
Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!	1
not even a "hello, we will be right with you."	0
The desserts were a bit strange.	0
My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.	1
I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!	1
Nice ambiance.	1
I would recommend saving room for this!	1
I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.	0
However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.	0
I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!	0
AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!	0
I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.	0
All of the tapas dishes were delicious!	1
I *heart* this place.	1
My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.	0
After two I felt disgusting.	0
A good time!	1
I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.	1
Generous portions and great taste.	1
I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!	0
The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an "Are you being helped?"	0
Food was delicious!	1
AN HOUR... seriously?	0
I consider this theft.	0
Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.	0
We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.	0
Waited and waited and waited.	0
He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.	1
Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.	1
The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.	0
I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.	0
Service was good and the company was better!	1
The staff are also very friendly and efficient.	1
As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.	1
Boy was that sucker dry!!.	0
Over rated.	0
If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.	0
Their steaks are 100% recommended!	1
After I pulled up my car I waited for another 15 minutes before being acknowledged.	0
Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.	1
All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.	1
I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.	0
My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.	1
The kids play area is NASTY!	0
Great place fo take out or eat in.	1
The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.	1
OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.	1
It was extremely "crumby" and pretty tasteless.	0
It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.	0
The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.	1
I got home to see the driest damn wings ever!	0
It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!	1
I really enjoyed Crema Caf before they expanded; I even told friends they had the BEST breakfast.	1
Not good for the money.	0
I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!	1
We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.	0
They also have the best cheese crisp in town.	1
Good value, great food, great service.	1
Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.	1
The food is good.	1
It was awesome.	1
I just wanted to leave.	0
We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!	1
I will not be eating there again.	0
!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!	0
I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.	0
The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.	0
Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(	0
An absolute must visit!	1
The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.	1
My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.	0
Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.	0
They really want to make your experience a good one.	1
I will not return.	0
I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.	0
Very disappointing!!!	0
The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.	1
a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.	0
Pretty awesome place.	1
Ambience is perfect.	1
Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.	0
Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.	0
I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.	0
The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!	1
Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !	1
The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!	1
Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.	0
High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.	1
Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.	0
We were promptly greeted and seated.	1
Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.	0
I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.	1
After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.	0
This is a good joint.	1
The Macarons here are insanely good.	1
I'm not eating here!	0
Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.	1
Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.	0
This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.	0
Very bad Experience!	0
What a mistake.	0
Food was average at best.	0
Great food.	1
We won't be going back anytime soon!	0
Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.	0
Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.	1
It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.	1
Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.	0
The patio seating was very comfortable.	1
The fried rice was dry as well.	0
Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!	1
That just SCREAMS "LEGIT" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.	1
It was just not a fun experience.	1
The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.	1
I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).	1
Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!	1
The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.	1
Both great!	1
Eclectic selection.	1
The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.	1
The staff was very attentive.	1
And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).	1
The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.	1
Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.	0
dont go here.	0
I promise they won't disappoint.	1
As a sushi lover avoid this place by all means.	0
What a great double cheeseburger!	1
Awesome service and food.	1
A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!	1
I can't wait to go back.	1
The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.	0
It's a great place and I highly recommend it.	1
Service was slow and not attentive.	0
I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.	1
Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.	0
Dessert: Panna Cotta was amazing.	1
Very good food, great atmosphere.1	1
Damn good steak.	1
Total brunch fail.	0
Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.	1
The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.	1
The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!	1
Good food , good service .	1
It was absolutely amazing.	1
I probably won't be back, to be honest.	0
will definitely be back!	1
The sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well.	1
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.	1
Went for lunch - service was slow.	0
We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.	0
I was mortified.	0
Needless to say, we will never be back here again.	0
Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.	0
The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.	0
I wasn't really impressed with Strip Steak.	0
Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!	1
Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.	1
The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.	1
I work in the hospitality industry in Paradise Valley and have refrained from recommending Cibo any longer.	0
The atmosphere here is fun.	1
Would not recommend to others.	0
Service is quick and even "to go" orders are just like we like it!	1
I mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?!	0
That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.	1
Not my thing.	0
2 Thumbs Up!!	1
If you are reading this please don't go there.	0
I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.	1
Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!	1
They have a really nice atmosphere.	1
Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.	0
After one bite, I was hooked.	1
We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.	0
Cute, quaint, simple, honest.	1
The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.	1
The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.	1
Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.	1
Awesome selection of beer.	1
Great food and awesome service!	1
One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.	1
A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!	0
The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.	1
As for the service, I thought it was good.	1
The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.	0
Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.	0
Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.	1
Overall, I like there food and the service.	1
They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.	1
Probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it.	0
Friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it.	0
Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.	1
I love the decor with the Chinese calligraphy wall paper.	1
Never had anything to complain about here.	1
The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.	1
It was way over fried.	0
I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.	0
When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.	0
Will not be back!	0
There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.	1
An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.	1
I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from.	1
I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!	0
Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.	1
I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.	1
The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.	1
Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.	1
We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!	1
Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.	0
When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!	1
I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.	0
This is a GREAT place to eat!	1
The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.	1
The service was poor and thats being nice.	0
Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.	1
The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!	0
The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.	0
But the service was beyond bad.	0
I'm so happy to be here!!!"	1
Tasted like dirt.	0
One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .	1
The block was amazing.	1
It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.	1
* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!	1
My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.	0
Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.	1
the food is not tasty at all, not to say its "real traditional Hunan style".	0
What did bother me, was the slow service.	0
The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!	1
Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.	0
These were so good we ordered them twice.	1
So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.	0
My girlfriend's veal was very bad.	0
Unfortunately, it was not good.	0
I had a pretty satifying experience.	1
Join the club and get awesome offers via email.	1
Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.	1
Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.	0
The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.	0
The nachos are a MUST HAVE!	1
We will not be coming back.	0
I don't have very many words to say about this place, but it does everything pretty well.	1
The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.	1
Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.	1
When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.	1
Once your food arrives it's meh.	0
Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.	0
The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.	1
My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.	0
So good I am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night.	1
The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.	1
This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Mediocre food.	0
Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.	1
I'm super pissd.	0
And service was super friendly.	1
Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?	0
This place was such a nice surprise!	1
They were golden-crispy and delicious.	1
I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.	0
I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.	1
Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.	0
Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.	1
The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.	1
The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!	0
The service was terrible though.	0
This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!	0
It was packed!!	0
I love this place.	1
I can say that the desserts were yummy.	1
The food was terrible.	0
The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.	1
It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.	0
This place should honestly be blown up.	0
But I definitely would not eat here again.	0
Do not waste your money here!	0
I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.	1
The crpe was delicate and thin and moist.	1
Awful service.	0
Won't ever go here again.	0
Food quality has been horrible.	0
For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.	0
The service here is fair at best.	0
I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.	0
Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.	0
Very poor service.	0
No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.	0
Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.	1
They were excellent.	1
I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.	0
Just had lunch here and had a great experience.	1
I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.	0
Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.	0
I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!	1
for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.	0
The food came out at a good pace.	1
I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.	1
I won't be back.	0
We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!	0
This place deserves no stars.	0
I would not recommend this place.	0
In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.	1
To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.	0
Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!	0
the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.	1
I probably would not go here again.	0
So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.	1
The price is reasonable and the service is great.	1
The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.	0
My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.	0
Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.	1
Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!	1
I probably won't be coming back here.	0
Worst food/service I've had in a while.	0
This place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant.	1
Talk about great customer service of course we will be back.	1
Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.	0
I love their fries and their beans.	1
Always a pleasure dealing with him.	1
They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.	1
This place is awesome if you want something light and healthy during the summer.	1
For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.	1
The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.	1
The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.	0
I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.	0
this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.	0
All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.	1
My boyfriend and i sat at the bar and had a completely delightful experience.	1
Weird vibe from owners.	0
There was hardly any meat.	0
I've had better bagels from the grocery store.	0
Go To Place for Gyros.	1
I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!	1
Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.	0
I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.	0
The service was terrible, food was mediocre.	0
We definately enjoyed ourselves.	1
I ordered Albondigas soup - which was just warm - and tasted like tomato soup with frozen meatballs.	0
On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.	0
I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.	0
The service was extremely slow.	0
After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.	0
Seriously killer hot chai latte.	1
No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.	0
My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.	1
Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.	1
Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.	0
Worst Thai ever.	0
If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.	1
I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.	1
The pizza selections are good.	1
I had strawberry tea, which was good.	1
Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!	0
Overall, a great experience.	1
Spend your money elsewhere.	0
Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!	1
The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.	0
And the drinks are WEAK, people!	0
-My order was not correct.	0
Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.	0
After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.	0
The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
We won't be returning.	0
This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot.	1
I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.	0
Very, very sad.	0
i felt insulted and disrespected, how could you talk and judge another human being like that?	0
How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!	0
I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.	0
The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it pured.	0
There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better	0
I got food poisoning here at the buffet.	0
They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!	0
What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.	0
Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.	0
This place is disgusting!	0
Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.	1
The RI style calamari was a joke.	0
However, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible.	0
I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.	0
It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.	0
It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.	0
We aren't ones to make a scene at restaurants but I just don't get it...definitely lost the love after this one!	0
Disappointing experience.	0
The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.	0
If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.	0
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.	0
We won't be going back.	0
The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.	0
This place lacked style!!	0
The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.	0
Don't bother coming here.	0
The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.	0
The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.	0
It was equally awful.	0
Probably not in a hurry to go back.	0
very slow at seating even with reservation.	0
Not good by any stretch of the imagination.	0
The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.	0
The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.	0
It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.	0
I was VERY disappointed!!	0
This place is horrible and way overpriced.	0
Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.	0
It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.	0
The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.	0
The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.	0
Con: spotty service.	0
The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.	0
But then they came back cold.	0
Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.	0
The real disappointment was our waiter.	0
My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.	0
The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.	0
Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.	0
If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?	0
She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.	0
After all the rave reviews I couldn't wait to eat here......what a disappointment!	0
Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.	0
It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.	0
But I don't like it.	0
Hell no will I go back	0
We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.	0
I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back "ya'all".	0
I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.	0
The ambiance isn't much better.	0
Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.	0
The food wasn't good.	0
Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.	0
What happened next was pretty....off putting.	0
too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.	0
Overpriced for what you are getting.	0
I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.	0
I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.	0
I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.	0
We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.	0
Food was below average.	0
It sure does beat the nachos at the movies but I would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant.	0
All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.	0
The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).	0
Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.	0
It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.	0
It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.	0
I would avoid this place if you are staying in the Mirage.	0
The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.	0
Spend your money and time some place else.	0
A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.	0
the presentation of the food was awful.	0
I can't tell you how disappointed I was.	0
I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.	0
Appetite instantly gone.	0
Overall I was not impressed and would not go back.	0
The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.	0
Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.	0
         ,            	0
 ,  	1
   	1
45                MJOR PROBLEMS !!	0
  	1
                	0
         ,      -       	0
  Razr    ...     !	1
    ,     	0
      !	0
     	1
           	1
    5+        ,            	0
   	1
    ,   &quot;&quot;    	0
             	1
       !	0
     !	1
    !	1
                  	0
        -   ,         	0
                    !	1
    	0
                     	1
             	0
   /  	1
     7                  	1
           	0
               	0
   	0
         ,    	0
              	1
         	0
                	0
   -                    	1
       ,             3          	0
    	1
   	0
     680      	1
 	0
 2MP                 	1
      	0
     	1
       	0
  	1
      	1
         ?	0
                       	0
        	1
  	0
          	0
       	1
                -      	1
            	1
    !	1
           	1
 	0
            15             !	1
 510                     	1
     	0
    Microsoft       	0
            ,     	1
      -                -  	1
    -   	0
                 	0
 3                            	0
       ,     	0
                 -     	1
IPODs     	1
      : 1)	1
    	0
     3      ,             	0
  !	1
       	1
    	1
    	1
D807      ...    D807     	0
     	1
     ,           	1
     2          !!!!!!!!!	0
         	1
  	0
     ,   ,       	1
     	0
      ,  6        	0
            	1
     	1
    	0
               !	1
  !	1
          ,                      	0
  	1
  !	1
         	0
     ...	0
    !	1
                	0
       	0
      ....  2              (     )       	1
      	0
 RAZR      	1
 ,        	0
    	1
              	1
       375               	0
: -   -   ,         ,   	1
      (            ,       )	0
  350    ..  Jabra350    ,            	1
,    1.3    ,                   	0
             	0
       ,                              ! 2	1
         	1
    geeky ,                        oozes     	1
 ,    !.	1
  	1
   QWERTY            	1
              	0
     	1
     	1
)      	1
       -                       	1
     	0
       	1
 	0
   	1
  !.	1
      	0
                !	0
         ,        	1
       	0
                      	1
     	1
                   	1
!        !!	1
 -    !!!!!	0
       	0
     	1
   -   	1
                	0
    !	1
  	0
 - 2     ,  5             5  	0
      	0
 	0
     2  5       	0
                	1
    !	0
    	0
        	0
3  ,     	0
    	0
   ,   	0
     8530         !	1
       ,                 ,      	1
 $ 5          	0
                       	1
  s ***  ,    	1
          !	1
      !	1
W810i  SUPERB 	1
           ,              ,      	0
 	1
            	0
      ;              	1
               ,                  	0
 	1
     ..    L7c          	0
              	1
     	0
     ,       	0
  !!!!!!!!	1
      	0
    ?    	0
IGo      	1
               	1
    	1
    , ( HS850)                      	1
    OS (v1.15g) ,                    	0
           	0
               ,      !	0
    	0
                       	0
         	1
            ,       	0
            10         	0
 !.	1
 ?	0
  !.	1
13   	0
          ,            ,      	0
     	0
   ..      ..	1
           	1
          	0
  	0
 ,       	1
       	1
 	0
     	0
 ,  	0
         ,       	1
         	1
           	0
      	1
      	0
 ,   - H500	1
&quot;1.2&quot;   ,       ,    7	1
   2             	1
  	1
     	0
             ,                	0
     ,        	0
  !	1
    ,             /          	1
 	1
    	1
   	1
 &quot;&quot;     ,         	0
    	0
       	1
    	0
                     	0
,    	1
 ,         	0
                  	0
          	1
      ,             	1
   	0
          ,    ,     	0
   W810i     ,            (        )	0
       	0
    	0
   $ $ $   	0
   	1
        	1
     	1
    	1
                !!	1
                  	1
    	0
     	0
      	0
    	0
       ,     	0
         	0
 	1
    	1
          !	1
       	0
        ,              	1
        ,    	1
           	1
          	1
        	1
      /                    	0
   	0
      ,   	0
 	1
   	1
           	1
  -  	1
    ,           	1
    	1
 	0
    	0
    	1
8   	0
   	1
    !	0
    !	1
       ,         	0
    !	1
 -    	0
       5  	1
       	0
     	1
         	0
  	1
     ,   	1
     	1
 ,  	1
     !	1
 ,       	0
        	1
         	1
  !.	1
        	0
  	0
     	0
    ,   ,                  	1
 	1
  	0
  	1
     	0
        	1
         	1
   ,                     	1
        	1
   	0
  V3i         	0
     	0
         	1
       	1
 	1
                     	1
          !!	1
    	1
      ,          	0
Tracfone   5   2160      	0
           	0
    ,         	1
    	0
                   	1
         	1
          	0
     ()      (      )          	0
       	1
                     	1
     	0
     	1
      	1
            	0
       	0
          	1
     ,      2-3   ,       	0
 ,  	1
,    ,     	0
        	0
AMAZON SUCKS	0
  ----  	0
   	1
                  2       	1
  !	1
        ,       ,       	1
 ,                         	1
1.       (            ) 2	0
     	0
 	0
    ,         	0
                     	0
   	1
  	0
                 !!!	0
       	1
   	0
            ,              (  !)	1
      	0
  	1
                      	1
     ,      ,      	0
  JERKS 	0
       ..       	1
,  ,   	1
       	0
   	0
     ,      ...  	0
                   	0
   ,    2     ,  	0
     EXTREMELY HOT!	0
       ,  (      )     	1
   	1
 ,      ,        ,      	0
 ,    ,        	1
 ,    	0
     S11    	1
  	1
  	0
        ,            	1
    	1
                       	1
   ,         	0
            	1
    !	1
        ....      	0
    ..                  	0
                        	0
      	1
                    	0
  ,   ,  	1
   	0
   	1
   () ,         	1
         	0
                 	1
 	1
Verizon         	0
   	0
     :)	1
    	1
                 	1
     	1
              	0
    	1
 ,      	1
               	1
    	1
     ,   ,       	0
   	1
       ,   !	1
       ......            ..       !	0
   	0
  	1
    	1
     	1
      	0
          	1
        ,  , ,         	0
    	1
   	1
 Verizon     cingulair       ....          	0
      	0
        !	1
     !	1
                       -       	0
             	0
        ,     	1
 2000      !	1
         	0
   ,               	0
        	0
   	1
      	0
                	0
   iriver SPINN (  )           	1
       ) -         	0
 ,                   	1
      ,     	1
                  ,     	0
    	1
             	1
 	1
               	1
 	0
           	1
                   	1
 -  	0
          	0
Awsome      !!	1
   1 - 1 1/2                 	0
     ,    ,                   	0
 	0
     ,                  	0
               	0
           	1
 Jabra JX-10  2     ,   Moto Q,        	1
    ,      	1
  	0
      	1
    ,         ,          	1
              	0
               ,     	1
     	1
           ,     	1
                -          20%  	0
                      	0
         	0
     	1
  	1
        GX2       	1
 	0
BT50   !.	0
     	1
            	0
 !.	0
  	0
    !	1
        !	0
AccessoryOne   	0
                 	0
        	1
  2  3    TMobile   ,      	1
     	0
 ..            	0
Motorolas    	1
    	1
      	1
    VX9900 (EnV)     	0
        	0
       ,                 	1
    	0
                  	1
Verizon  , ,           	0
     ,      	1
    !	1
     !	1
	0
    	0
                          	0
     - ,      	0
           	0
  	1
     /  /             ,      	1
    Jabra BT250v         ,        !	1
 2   Verizon        	1
   	0
   	0
      	1
   ....      11    	0
 	0
IM IM  	1
     ,        	1
     !	1
 	0
         	0
          	1
                  ,       	0
         	0
           	0
 ...    !	1
    ,          	0
          	1
                          	0
                	1
                    -            	1
  ,     	1
     	1
               	1
            ,            ,        	1
    	1
              	0
       5 (5 )      	0
     ,        !	1
              	1
           ,       	1
    !	1
  	0
, 3    	0
   	1
   	0
  -  	1
     !!	1
        	0
                -       	0
               	0
   !	1
    6                      	0
    -           ,   ,         	1
      , ,   ,  	1
                	1
             	0
      	1
        	0
    ,          	0
    	0
,          	0
 ,  ,  ,    ,   !  Droid            	1
      ....         	0
          	0
               	0
 Jabra Earset        ,      ,    ,  	1
    ,       	1
     	1
   	1
     ,        	1
   1      /    ;       	0
 AGGRAVATING !	0
    !	1
         ,            	1
          !	1
    ,     	0
,    ,                  	0
     	0
  ,       	1
            ,    	0
            	0
 	0
 	0
           ,               !!!!	1
 	1
 CRAP    !	0
    .....      ,       (    )       	0
      	1
   	0
   	1
   ,               	1
              &quot;?&quot;	0
    	0
    	0
         	1
               	0
          ,               	1
           ,                   :       	0
 ,  ,  	0
              ;              , ,   	1
  	1
       ,      ,    recessed       	0
      	1
           	0
      ,       	0
              ...          	0
 -   	0
        	1
  !	1
   	1
  	1
         ,     ...	0
  	0
   	1
    !	1
    ,     ,     	1
               	1
   ,        	0
       	1
      	1
 	0
  	0
 ,         	1
       	0
  ,          	0
            	1
        	0
       50      	1
             5020      24       	1
                  	1
     ...  .....    E715 ..      	0
                  	0
 	0
       	0
                             	0
  700w      Skype  (USB     )        	1
            ,  -   	0
      SUCKS	0
     .....           !	1
 ,              	0
                   ,        	1
  	0
             	0
              	0
                       	0
       /  3       iGo    	1
   -   	0
           ,            !	1
                	1
          	0
         ,                 	1
im                   	1
  !	1
,             ,     ,       	0
         (         )         	1
       	0
   - muffled,            	0
  	1
         ,          	0
      ,                           	1
         ,        ,                	0
Linksys                   !	0
        	1
 	1
       ,       ,       	0
  	1
  	0
           	1
         ...        	0
Utter crap ..   TERRIBLE 	0
        ,     	0
     ,        	1
 ,                     	0
     ,           ,    ,          	1
USELESS       	0
    &quot;&quot; 	0
    2                    	0
       -     	1
         	1
        -      	1
      	1
       	0
 	1
     ,         !!	0
           	1
     	1
                 	0
   &quot;  &quot;           	0
       	0
      ,         ,    	1
   -            	0
       	0
    ,     ,                   	0
   	0
   325      ,         	1
       (      )	1
      	0
   AWFUL 	0
           ,           ,           	0
         !	1
   !.	0
        	1
               	0
               	0
      $ $ $      !	0
   	1
 CA-42 USB         	0
  	1
         ,        	1
     ,     	0
                	0
          	0
            	1
     	0
     ,     	1
  -                    ,      	1
 ,    3        ,      	0
       	1
*                      ,             !	1
       	1
  	0
      -     -           	1
  -         	0
         ,       	1
                	0
 V325i                	1
             	0
 3o       ,                    	0
 	0
   &quot;&quot;  !	1
  	0
            	0
 18            ,                   	1
      (iMac,  ,  , )     ,  iPhone 4s    	0
    	1
         -              	0
 ,     - USB,       	1
                    	1
         !	1
             !     MOTO  	0
    ,      &quot; -       ?&quot;	1
              	1
                 ,   100%  	1
 ,     ;    ;         	1
             	1
 2              	0
     ...                   	1
               	0
T-Mobile        	1
                	1
 2         2      	0
           	1
  	1
Tracfonewebsite           , 	1
    4	1
      	1
        	1
   ,           !	0
   5320        	0
      ,       	0
               ,      !	0
          	1
    ,  	0
 BlueAnt Supertooth -   AWESOME 	1
  	0
....           SCH-r450              	1
  ,     ,           	1
	0
      	1
      ..            	1
                ...         	0
              	0
          -              	1
      	0
    	1
       	1
 	0
      -               	1
    	1
           	0
         	0
               	0
    &quot;  &quot;            ...      ...     	0
    510     ,        	0
 	1
  	1
    12      	0
  ,        creaks	0
        ,           	0
      	1
 ,         !.	1
  !.	1
       	1
	1
    	1
        ,         -   	0
       	0
                     	0
  -                            	0
   !	0
             	0
                 	0
  2        	0
           	1
 ,            ,       ActiveSync 4.2     !	1
           	0
   	0
      2      	1
 	1
                   	1
    ,        	0
PS3    	1
  , 	1
     ..                           	1
$ 50  	0
        ,                    	0
 ,    	1
       	1
  !	1
  ,       	0
       -     !	1
  	0
     $ 7.44       ,        (V3c Razr)     	0
       	1
   2 	1
   Verizon LG            ,        20      	1
  ....     	0
# 1     - # 2   	1
 -   	1
Jabra EarGels          	1
     	0
                	0
   	1
  Verizon        	1
   	0
   	1
 -     	1
   ,    ,    ;        ,          	1
          	1
       (          )	1
      	0
      !	1
      	0
  !.	1
   	0
   	1
     	0
        	0
  	0
    V265 ,     	0
,                   	0
   ,        ,          -   	0
,  	0
     	0
       ,               3	0
               	0
          ,        	0
        SPEAKERPHONE   !!!!	0
 ..        	0
  ,    2                      	0
       	0
   !	0
  	0
     !	0
     	0
         	0
     	1
    ,      -     	1
             	1
             	0
    	1
   	0
 	0
(   !)	1
     ,      ,       ,         	0
 ,    !	0
    	0
     	0
         	1
       ,   ,   	1
,    ,                     ,              	1
    	1
           ;  ;   	1
 ,      	1
   	0
     ..  ,        	1
   	1
            	1
                       	1
            	1
 	1
         	0
    	1
 !	1
 8125          	0
      ,       ,  iPhone    	1
  ...     ,  	0
  	0
              	1
 -   !!	0
   iphone     ,         	1
   ,            	0
           ,   	0
    !!!	1
              	0
          510                  	1
    ,       	0
    ,         	1
    	1
 	0
        CRAP !!!!!!	0
     	1
 	1
     -    !	0
        	0
                         	1
         ,     ,     	0
  	0
        	1
 -               	1
                  	0
        AMAZON    	0
     ,         OEM         	1
  ?	0
            ,           	1
            	1
 , 	1
     10       	1
                   	0
    	0
      (  -  ),            ,            	0
                   	0
           ,             	0
     !.	1
    	1
,   	0
       	1
     	0
  !	1
 	1
   	1
           	1
                   	0
    ,      	1
                	0
     ....  !	0
   !!!!!	0
           - 	0
[...]       !	0
Cingular (ATT) 8525      	0
                 	1
,    ,                     	0
                  	0
             	1
    10 !	1
                     	1
              	1
     iPod              	1
    ,     	0
    	0
     ,      	0
                     	1
                  	1
,       ,  	1
 	1
     	0
       	1
     	0
    	1
     	0
 2005       ....    S710a         !	1
   	0
        WOW	1
  ..  	1
                    	1
,        -      	0
   Sony ericson z500a  -         	1
       	1
      	1
           ,        ,       !	1
   	1
       	0
,                   	0
  	1
                	0
           	0
                 	0
 	1
       	0
 	0
         ,           	0
            	1
   !!!	1
:-) ,      	1
                                	1
   	0
  ....  	0
     2         	0
    	0
             	0
      	0
             	0
              	0
     	0
   ,           	0
          	0
                	0
  	0
       	0
	0
    	0
               	0
     ..         	0
      	0
       ,      ()	0
         ,       !	0
 , ,      ,  ,       	0
        -    ,        	0
             ,   -      -             	0
        	0
                        	1
     , ,     ...       ,             	0
  	0
          ,      	1
 	0
          	1
      	1
         ,      	1
       	1
   	1
    &quot;  &quot;            	1
       ,              	0
    ,                	1
         , , , -, ,   -        	1
         -  &quot;&quot;      	1
              	1
                  	1
  ,                 	1
              ?	1
       ,    	1
,               ,             	1
          	0
        	0
        	1
     	1
    	1
    ,        ...      	1
      	1
           	1
,     	1
   	0
      ,    , 	1
  	1
 ,  ,   ,   	1
   	1
   	0
      -      -13        ,  -            -  	0
      	0
            ,   ENTIRE       ;        -  ,   ,        	0
     	0
          	0
 ,  ,         -     	0
        	0
        ,             /            	0
          ,      ,   	0
           	1
           ,       	1
           ,                   	1
      --       	1
 ,          2           	0
,   	0
            ,   	0
 ,  , 	1
   	1
 Heche     	1
          	1
     	1
      10     9 	1
         	1
             	1
     	0
                   	0
     /    	0
           	0
          	0
      ,           :              ,      	0
,   ,      	0
             ,       	0
  ,        -   ,            	0
      	1
        2    , 	0
   ,          	1
    -   -     ;   ,        ,         	1
                ,      	1
     	1
     ,      	1
    s     ***          ...              &quot; &quot;   	0
     10    	1
                ,    	1
 ,    - 	1
 ,                 	1
   	1
  10 	1
               	1
    	1
   -  /          	1
      	1
  	0
  	0
       	0
                	0
MANNA                	1
      -                  	1
          	1
                 -     	1
             ,     (   (&quot;    &quot;     ),      ,    	1
      	1
  ,      ,          ,    	0
  ,      	0
   ,         	0
    	0
 	0
         ,    	1
     ,          	0
          	0
          	1
          (    -      ),         	1
      	0
   ,   -                     !	0
),  -           	0
    	0
&quot;--&quot; -      	0
            	0
               (        )   ,    	0
   &quot;&quot;    	1
    	1
      	1
                            	1
      	1
          	1
!	1
10/10	1
      	1
                 	0
                       	1
,          ,      	0
             ,                      ,    	0
               -    	0
 &quot;   &quot;    	0
  ,   	0
         &quot;&quot;       	0
 IQ                	0
                   	0
IMDB       1     ,              	0
   &quot;&quot;       	0
 ,                        	0
          ,             	0
                   	0
                         	0
      ,        	0
                   	1
     ,          ,        	0
                        	0
   ,   	0
  ,    	0
          ,   MST3K  	0
    	0
 ,           	1
   !	0
  !	0
,   	0
!	0
       !   !	0
              !	0
       	0
,    	0
       !!	0
       ,       /          	0
	0
                 	0
                          $ 7.50 	0
NOBODY              (    -) 	0
    ,    ,     ....                              ....        	0
      ,     ,                    	0
 ,          ;        	1
  -              	0
 &#39;&#39;                    	0
                      	0
             	0
      	0
       	0
   	0
 -            , 	0
    	0
  ...    ?	0
    	0
  - 	0
      ,     	0
     -   	0
        	0
-    	0
 	0
       ,       	0
,   	0
       	0
    	1
,                (       ,       	1
                           	1
        ,       	0
   	0
                    	0
          	0
&quot;   !	1
  BAD 	0
 	0
     	0
         	0
   ,         	1
              	1
                	1
            	1
                	0
         -       	0
                  ,       	0
       ,            ,         	0
      	1
    	1
    ,      &quot;  &quot;     &quot;   &quot;   	1
&quot; ,                ,         	1
   	1
             ,              	1
    	1
                	0
 ,          	1
            	0
         	0
      ,           	0
    	0
   	0
  ,    ,       ,          /   	0
                	0
         ...                ,       ,     , 	0
       ,              	0
  ,          	0
    80       ,     	1
    ,  ...     	1
,           ,              -   ,   -  -     -     	0
  ,    ,           ...     	0
       	0
Woa,       	0
    	0
   	0
 ,   ...       	0
          	0
 	0
                        ,        	0
           ,           	0
        	0
       ,               	1
   ,   ,    -       ,  - -,  ,           ,            	1
      	0
           , ,        	0
                   	0
 ,       	1
 ,          	0
 ,           !	0
 	0
-       	0
 	0
 	0
   	0
  	1
  	1
    	1
 ,     	0
     ,     	0
    	0
*** SPOILERS ***       ( )    ,       	1
    (     )          	1
  ,       -   -       (-, ,   /     )	1
          ;      , 	1
    ,       	1
          	1
          !,        ,            ,        	1
   --,              	1
      ,    , , ,       ,  	1
   ,        	1
     	1
         	1
                 	1
                 -          (   )	1
    ,        ,                  crocs         	1
            ,      	1
                	0
                 ,         	0
    	1
        	0
, 	0
      **     	0
        	0
              	0
:    	0
 -  ,      	0
  	0
  	0
        ,    	0
 -  , 	0
: 10   1	0
          !	1
Kieslowski       	1
       ,            	1
            ,  ,        	1
         	1
          	1
           ,     ,            ,      ,        ,                 	1
            ,      ,          !	1
          , ,      ...    !	1
      10   10	1
        	0
          ,        	1
   ,  	1
25              ,    -              	1
        	1
               	1
              5                 	0
          ,    (  )   ,     ,   ...              &quot;&quot;        &quot;	0
              ,       -                       (          )	0
  :            ,           ,        	0
      	1
    	1
 ,         	1
       - ,        	1
       	1
                   	1
          	1
      	1
        	1
      	1
&quot;    	1
  ,    ...    	1
        	1
     	1
      ...     	1
          	0
         	0
     	0
    ,       5   ,         10   , 	0
        ,     !	0
      !	0
   ,        	0
                 	0
                     	0
  a         	0
        ,   pyromaniac waylid          	0
          	0
        	0
          ...	0
       	1
 1  8        	1
       	1
  	1
     	1
   	1
&quot;&quot;   &quot;                 	0
   	0
            ,   	0
        	0
     ,       	0
  	0
          10  	1
 &quot; &quot;                     	1
              -   	1
       10+  !	1
              ,                    	1
                  ,             	1
         ,        	1
                    	1
  ,  ,       	1
        	1
      	1
                  	1
      	1
                  ,                     	1
      ,       	0
            	0
  ,   ,       ;    	0
        	0
       	0
          ,          	0
         ,      ,     	0
    ,         	0
 ,                                                     	1
            	1
                           ,    :)	1
    UNfunny            90         70000    !	0
                	0
            90            	0
,           !	0
       (, &quot;&quot;  )     	1
 (            )   .... ,   	1
               	1
         	1
     ,            	1
 , , ,                    	1
,      ,            	1
)           -  ,    -   -     -         	1
                  ,           ,        ,     ,           spiffy, radiant,  - ,   &quot; &quot;	1
      	1
           ,           ,        , ( )        ,                 	1
                	1
(       )              ,           ,    	1
              	0
Girl                        	0
 , &#39; &#39;                 	0
-                 	1
           	1
             	1
          ,           !!	1
        ,           	1
  -             !	1
               	1
    	1
  	1
       	0
        	1
         	1
   95%     	1
   	1
      	1
         	1
            	1
    ,  1980                               ,     	1
    ...       	0
   !	0
&amp;    	0
 3  4      ,     MAYBE,   !	0
   	0
   !       !     - ,       :                &#39;Ive Never Had This Feeling before&#39;.I         ,  20                      	1
     , , ,             ,              ,          ,      !	1
                 	0
        -                 	0
         ,        ,        	0
   ,    ?	0
   ,         	0
            ,          (      ),    ,            ,                         	0
 ,     	0
           -              -                         	0
           ,             ,      	0
  -                     	0
           ,                    	0
1/10 -     0/10      	0
  ,   Drago    - ( :  Drago,  McHattie   Hendrikson               !	1
   ,  	1
  -    Drago   Rochon     -  ,   (   ),  -,   ,   	0
 ,  SETS    &quot;-&quot;     &quot;10&quot; 	1
,           ,             -       ,   	0
        	1
       ,      ,     	0
         -   ,      	0
 15       	1
      ,      	0
      ,            	0
              ,    ,     ,    	1
              	1
 8/10      	1
      -     ,      ,            	1
,    	0
     ,      	0
      ,     	0
       !	0
      ,  ?	0
                  	0
  (        ) -    	0
                !	0
 10   1   ,        	0
       ,            ,    	0
               ,       	0
     ,          	0
          ,                 	0
      :    	0
        	0
          	0
       ,      	0
         	1
                  	1
 -       ,        (      )                          	0
      	0
              	0
,    ,             	0
            ,      	0
            ,       	0
            	0
 30                ,      -            ,     ,  -            	0
   	0
 ,   ,         	0
,   	0
                         	0
,   , ,            ,          	0
     ,         ,   -   ,         -    	1
       ,          ,   12    	1
    -   ,       ,              ,      	1
     ,        	1
      1-10   10    	1
        ,                    	1
                          ,       	0
                	0
   ,      ,        ,      	1
       ,      	1
      	1
 	1
               ,          ,   	1
   :     ,            ,        ,          	1
  2006         	1
   ,    	1
      ,       ,    	1
          	1
        	1
     ,               	1
           	1
     	1
            	1
          	0
           	0
     ,        ,    	0
          	0
                       	0
  ,    ,        ,        	0
  	1
 ,     	1
                	0
              	0
       	0
      ,                    	0
  ,    -                  -17    	0
   ,             , 	0
 :       !!	0
       	0
                 	0
: 0/10 (: ) :                  	0
20         1948)      ,      -     	0
              ,    ,           ,       	0
  Widmark        !	0
              	0
              -                	0
                !	0
(  )      	0
             	0
  	1
     ,  ,          	1
             -           	1
      	0
 ,            	0
                          	0
     ,        :        	0
    	0
         	0
STEAMBOAT WILLIE            	1
      (        )       -      - 	1
        ,               -         ,   1928     	1
,  25         ,          	1
       &quot;  &quot;     ( - )      	1
    - -     80            	1
    (    ,       )     	0
             ,           	0
    (1947)    	1
 ,  ,  ,  ,   ...                  ..  	1
            	0
           	0
  ...  ...    	0
                	0
                  	0
     	0
     ,  1986           	0
       - ,      ,   	0
    	0
                         -       	0
  ,  1995     &quot;&quot;   /   ,             	0
     	0
  	0
     	0
          	0
         ,         	0
  AWFUL 	0
               Microsoft       !	0
     &quot;&quot;    	0
 ,          ,           -       	1
  ,       !	1
     , &quot;&quot;  ,               	0
   	0
        ,      ,     	0
     ,        	0
         ,                 ,             	0
          ,      ,         ,   -13       	0
        (                    )	1
           ,       	0
      	0
    ,  -      ,          	0
,          ,       	0
    	0
                  	0
  ;      	0
   	0
         ?	0
           	0
       ,       ;             ,      	0
:       ,   !	0
           !	0
  ,         !	0
90       ,                                 	1
 &quot; &quot;  90            ,          	1
                      	1
 ,              (        )	1
             	1
         	1
       ,              	0
             ,        ,              , ,   ,    ...   	0
                  	1
         	0
            	0
                 ?	0
   ,         	0
 ,                   	0
    !	0
   !	0
    !	0
           	0
          	0
         	1
                ,                	1
  !	1
  	0
   !	1
 : 10    3	0
          	1
                	1
   	1
       ,           -      , -                         - ,   ,      , , ,       -     	1
 ,  ,  -                         (               ,                )	1
          ,       -,                 	1
          ,                    	1
                   	0
,       	0
   	0
      ,      !	1
                   !	1
            !	1
                  ,              	1
                        	1
    10   10 !	1
     &#39;           ,      	0
       ;  -  ,      	0
    ,    ,   ,   ,                	1
           ,             ,       ,         	1
          	1
                       !	1
   -          !	1
   ,  	1
            	1
              	1
     	1
 ,  !	1
   -    ,       	0
                     ,          iffy              	0
          	0
                    	1
                                       	1
     /     	1
  ,       ,      .............  ,    	1
    ........     	1
  - 	1
     !	1
     	1
     ,        &#39;&#39; 	1
 ( )      ( , )                  ,       	1
                  -        ,           	1
        ,     ...   	1
          ,             	1
           ,                  	1
      &quot;&quot;             	1
                       ,           ,       	1
    (1971)   (   -)       ,   	0
           &quot;&quot;   ,       	0
    , ,   :                  	1
   	0
    ,        	0
       	0
    	1
      	1
    ,        (                 )               	1
    	1
         ...       -              	1
        	1
    	1
   !	1
    	1
       	1
        	1
     , &quot;                	1
             	1
      !	1
                     	1
   :       -    ,    ...     ,                 	0
     	1
10   10 	1
                           	0
             	0
       	1
             ,       	1
          	1
         	1
    !	1
   +	1
 ...           	0
    , , ,          	0
 &#39;      &#39;   	0
)          ,      	0
         ,        	0
   !	0
       ,          	0
,  ,     	0
      !	0
        	0
                          	0
    ,   , - ,     ???	0
                    	0
      ,      , &quot;     ...&quot;           	0
      	0
        	0
             ,         	1
                	1
                 	1
      ,   ,          	0
, , ,    	0
       	0
 :         ,         	0
    &quot;       &quot; ....   	0
           -   	0
          ,     ,             	0
 &quot;---&quot;  &quot;---&quot;        	0
     ,   	0
 ,              	0
, , !	0
    !	0
   	1
        	1
      ( !	1
)   ,   	1
           ,    , (     )!	1
)  , ,    !	1
 ,           	1
               ...                  !	1
     	0
      	0
            	0
                    	0
       ?	0
           	1
    ,      ,   ,           	1
     ,        	1
                    ,             ,                   	1
      ,              	1
    ,     	1
 ,                ( )      	1
       ,    (       )	1
    ,            	1
           -   	1
        	0
       	1
     	1
          	1
                                    	1
         	1
        ,  -       	1
  70          	1
  	1
      	0
  ,   -,                 -                       	1
               	1
       	1
                     ,   	1
      	1
  ,                          	1
   	0
           ,         	0
      ,             	1
  ,      	1
     &quot; ,  &quot; ,    	1
      ,           ,         ,           	1
              ,           	1
        &quot; &quot;            	1
               	1
     !	1
    ?	0
   -    	0
          	0
        	0
                 	0
         	0
  1973         ,   &quot; &quot;      	1
                 ,                               	1
     !	1
    ,     	1
                	1
        !	1
10/10	1
    	1
     ,   ,        ,   	1
          ,            ,           	1
      ,               	1
   -           	1
,    	1
              	1
       	1
                 	1
       ,               	1
             : , , ,   ,  ...   	0
 ,    --       	0
   !	0
  V       	0
      ,        ,               ,                      	0
                                   ( )                              	0
       	0
    	0
:         	1
            ,            ,          ,       	1
:         	1
 70      ,      	1
        	1
       &quot; &quot;                 ,            	1
 18                        	1
                ,          -              	1
        	1
     ,        	1
           	1
       ,     	1
           ,      ,                          	1
                 , - ,     	1
 -   	1
              	1
            	1
    ,        ,    2  ,         20, 30, 40        	1
        1949   ,                    	1
            ,   -         -                 	1
 ,             ,      !	1
  (             )                 	1
I LOVE LUCY  )	1
            -   50          ,       	1
       	1
,    ,                      &quot; &quot;         	1
,  ...       ...                    	1
             	0
   	0
     :          ;        20    ,     	0
)     	0
     -           	0
                                 	0
             	0
           	0
           	1
         ... , , ,  ,  ,   ...        ,         ,    	1
&quot;  ,      ,          	1
  ,               	1
   Telly Savalas   	1
1  54    ,    ,    ,        ,     ?	0
    	0
        	0
              	0
  	0
    	0
    	0
                      ,  , ,    	0
  ,       -                                    	0
    ,      	0
 ,      	0
    ,       	1
       ,      	1
                       ,   !	1
     ,                ,       	1
     	1
,         ,    -            	1
             	1
  ,      	1
      ,            ,             !	1
  !	1
      	0
 4    ,  8pm     ,  8.15pm        ,                    ...    	0
   ,   	0
  	0
            -  	0
               	0
     ?!	0
,    	0
         !	0
        	1
    	1
     	0
     (         ),     (         ?	0
        	0
  ,   ,   ,   ,   ,    ...   ,    	0
       /                	0
                     	0
         	0
      	0
        ,    ,             	0
      	0
        ,   	0
         ,                -     	0
            	0
    90                          	0
    80     ,      	0
  ,               	0
         f / x  	0
         ,          	0
   ,    ,       ,          	1
&quot; &quot;         	1
                ,       ,     ,           	1
,       	0
           	0
   ,            	0
,      (  ,      )	1
   ,            	0
  ,         	0
               	0
 	0
  2            ,      	0
             ,      !	0
               	0
 -  	0
               ,    	0
         -        ,           !	0
             	1
            	1
  	1
 ,                ,         	1
    ,     	0
  ,            	0
       	0
  ,   ,             	1
            	0
 ,     	0
   	0
   	0
, ,  -      , !	1
             	1
                                	1
      ,       &#39;  &#39;      	1
    9/10    	1
           ,  ,       -                      	1
                         	1
           ; &quot;        &quot;      	1
                :              	1
      ,           	1
                   	1
       ,      	1
    -         	1
           	1
        	1
     &quot; &quot;         	1
       -        	1
   	1
,       ,                ,     -    	1
            ,        ,         	1
  	1
     (    )    ,                  	1
     	1
 	1
                 ,   -? -     	1
   ,             	1
     -         	1
     , &quot;&quot;           	0
                      ,    ,     -           	0
        	0
        	1
          &quot;&quot;       	1
   	1
      	1
           	1
               	1
 - ,      ,  	1
    ,     	1
,             -  	1
          	1
      ,         	1
     ...     -               	1
         , &quot;     &quot; (      )       	1
         /          ,                              	1
             	1
    /              	1
         ,                 !	0
  1998 (   )           ,       	0
    (      )         ,                	0
 ,                           	1
  ,             	1
 ,   ,          	0
     ( 20, 2005)                     	1
           	1
                     !	1
  -   	1
    ,    	1
      ,         !	1
     ,  !	1
       	1
;)     !	1
                    	1
     -            ,          ( )    	1
:)  ,        -    	1
       ,   n      ,      	1
     	1
      	1
      	1
         	0
            !	0
 ,               	0
  ,   	0
   !	0
             	0
 ...     	1
   	0
       	0
                   	1
         	1
           	0
Honeslty     )	0
                   	0
   	1
  	1
   	1
  	0
                      	0
      ,     ... !	1
            	0
             	0
 	1
     	0
       ,    	0
  	0
 !	0
, 	1
   	1
      ...    	1
   	1
   ....    .....      	1
-        	0
           	1
               4  ,     	0
      	0
  23   ,           	1
     !	0
            	1
               ,           	0
 ,      	1
           	1
    	1
 ,                    	0
        !	1
  	0
   	1
              	0
                            	0
   ,           	1
             	0
             	1
        	0
   ,     	1
             !!!!!	1
          ,       	1
                 	1
                     	1
     !	1
       ,                 	0
   !	1
   ...  ,  ,    	1
           -  	0
        5   	0
      ,      ,       	1
        ,     	0
10                       	0
    APPETIZERS     !!!	1
     	1
         	1
       	1
   ,         	1
      !	1
 .....            	1
                    	0
     	1
   5   2   ,       ,      	1
-  ,    ,  	1
 meh 	0
     30    ,        	0
             ,      ,         	0
       	0
2  -    !	0
       	1
              	1
                      	0
           ,            	0
                   2      	0
      	0
   !	1
                       	0
 Pho      ,      	1
             	0
         !!!	1
    !	1
     !	1
 ,         	0
          ,                	1
           ,       !	0
    !!!	1
     !	0
    	0
    !	1
   !	1
   	0
  ,        	1
                   ,              !	1
     ,           	1
   ,        	1
            ,   ,       	1
       ,    	1
       !	1
  ,           !	1
      	1
    	1
  !!	1
  ,    -     	0
   40min           ,      	0
             	1
,   	1
 	1
  -  	1
   !	0
    	0
            	0
          ,      	0
                    	0
      ,         	0
      	1
     ,       ,          ,             	1
             ,           	1
        , !	0
 ...                     ..      ...	0
 ,   	1
  	0
             ,        	1
          	0
  !	1
              ,    ,          	1
  	0
 NYC ,     ,     	1
 ,                     	1
      	1
            	1
      ,                	0
             	1
   !!!!	0
               	0
                	0
               	0
                      	1
 -          	1
    ,            	0
    ,     3               	0
  2    	0
                 	0
                 	1
       	1
      	0
      	0
    :    nigiri!	1
       	1
           ,              	1
                            	1
   	1
 ,                    STALE 	0
             	0
    	1
   ,    	1
   !	0
         	1
 !!	1
               	1
            ...	0
      	0
   	1
        ;            	0
           ,             	1
   	1
,              !	1
                    	1
            ,         	0
          	0
          	1
  ,                	1
    20     ,         	0
      -          ,            	0
                          	0
         !	0
  	0
    ,                   	1
           	1
 ,              	0
 	1
         	1
       ,             ....      	1
         ! &quot;	1
     	1
   ,     	0
       ,             	1
                         	0
Pho            !	1
         	0
           	0
  	1
    	1
         ,              	1
       !	1
    	0
  	1
    	1
   	1
  1979        ( )          	0
   	0
       	0
   -  ,   ,   - 	1
               4  ,              	0
 10   ,                       	0
       	1
  	0
 !	1
   !	1
   	0
    	1
        	0
-         	1
          ,     ,             !	0
    	0
 ,  , ,           ..      	0
                      	0
     ,        	0
      	1
   BARGAIN !	1
           	1
&quot;&quot;    	0
               !!	1
                     	1
       ,      /        	0
   	1
                ( ) ,    	0
                           	1
      ,     	0
   &quot;  &quot;     &quot; &quot;,       &quot; &quot; ...             	0
       ...  ,            ()   	1
          ...           	0
           	1
 -       	0
     	1
         ,     	0
(    )  ,    	0
     &quot;             &quot;	0
-        30     	0
    , 	1
          	1
        	1
   -                    	0
     	1
   /          	0
      	1
 ,       -                    	0
          	1
    7      	1
  	1
          	0
        	1
      !	0
         	1
        ,             	0
    	1
 ,    ,    !	1
       	1
 ,   8  	1
    	0
 ,               	1
                !	1
 -    ,    	0
      !	1
          	1
    	1
           ,  ,  	1
       	1
   ,       ,     	0
       	1
           !	1
      	0
         ,      	0
            	1
     !	0
     	0
     ,      	0
      -     	1
   !	1
   : -     	0
             100     	0
   !	1
         ,           	0
2                ,     !	0
       	0
   ,   ,        	1
              ,      	0
            	1
       ,       	1
      ,   1   ,                  	0
              	1
       !	0
       	1
        	1
        	0
       ...               12   	0
   	0
 -!	1
         !	0
  ,   	0
    ,             	0
 ,           -   	1
        !	1
 !	1
          	0
   	1
   	0
    ,          	1
       	0
  ,                               	0
  ,  ,                	1
     $ 20       ,      	1
      !	1
    	0
 ,               	0
          	1
  ,        	1
Shawarrrrrrma       !!!!!!	1
      ... UNREAL!	1
   	1
                  ,       	1
                  1     ,  $ 4.00  	0
                     	0
                  	0
        ,         	1
    ,     	1
   	0
     	1
   	1
 -       -             !!!	0
 ...  &quot; &quot; $ 17      	0
OMG,  delicioso !	1
         	0
     	0
   ,    ,    	1
          	1
      !	1
           .....    	0
    	1
     ,   	1
   /  ,    ,   (  !!!!!	1
      5 !	1
     ,      	1
             	0
  !	0
       	1
      30    	0
  !!!	1
 ,        -   	1
                        	0
         !	1
        !	1
(       )	1
           BLAND 	0
              	1
   	1
                       	0
            	1
      ,      	0
          	0
             	1
  ,   	1
 5    	1
             	0
     	0
   ,          	1
         ,            ,   !	1
      	0
        !!	1
          	0
     ,    	1
   	0
     ,       ,    10       	0
   	0
    	1
             	1
  	0
           	0
             ,    	0
        	1
        90%       	0
   	0
      	1
        ,      	1
                ...        ,     (;	1
       ,      	1
            	1
       ,                 	1
  ...   , ,  ...                	1
                     	0
                !	1
          	1
         	1
    	0
 ,          	0
         !	0
    ,              	1
                    ,    	1
   	0
        	1
         	1
  	1
   	0
                	1
 ,    !	1
  ,      	0
          	1
          	0
   (    )     	0
         	0
      	1
               	1
    ,           ,        	1
          ...           	1
 ,        , , ----   -       	0
 ,           !	0
         ,  10+              	0
    !	0
  !	1
              /  	1
   	0
 2,     	0
             	1
    	0
     !!!	1
    	1
      40       10    	0
  	1
       1.5lb    3/4      	0
        	1
               	1
    	1
    ,   	1
        	0
    	1
 ,  FS      /    	1
  	0
               !	1
,             !	1
  	0
  	0
     ,                	1
               	1
             	0
   	1
                               	0
    	0
 3       ,   	0
           	0
          ,            	1
 -       	1
-    	1
   	1
        $ 3    	0
        ()    	1
AZ    Im      	1
   	0
        	1
       	1
              	0
           20   ,          35  ...      	0
    !	1
            	1
,  !	1
          	0
  	1
     	0
 ,          	0
,        	0
        	1
             	1
  70+             40       	1
    !	1
            	0
       ,            	1
                       	0
      	0
        !	1
      ,      	1
                        	1
           	0
       ,         	0
  	1
      	1
           !	1
              ..    	0
:    	1
          	1
   	0
           	1
      ,    !	1
            	1
    	1
        -            ,    !	1
     	0
          	1
 	1
     	1
      	0
        	0
       	0
 !	0
   !	0
      ,       /          	1
 ,       	1
        !	1
  !	1
   ,     	1
         	1
       	0
         -  , ,  	1
 ,        	0
         ,        	1
       	1
        !	1
 ,  	0
        	0
   	1
 ,              45   	0
      	0
    ,          -         	1
            	1
   	1
     !	1
     ....   	1
        (  ,     	1
            ,          ,          	1
 	0
       	1
         	0
 ,  ,  ,  	1
   !	0
          	1
          !	1
        (  8           )	0
          	1
           	0
,             	0
   ..    	1
                    !	1
   &quot;,     &quot;	0
   	0
                            	1
        ,          !	1
  	1
       !	1
          ,    	0
,            	0
            ,     !	0
    !	0
            	0
     !	1
 *  *  	1
              	0
      	0
 !	1
              ,          	1
    	1
                  !	0
     ,     &quot;      ?&quot;	0
  !	1
  ...  ?	0
      	0
 ...        	0
       -       	0
    	0
   ,           	1
            	1
       ,  chewy 	0
            	0
      !	1
      	1
  :    ,               	1
      !!	0
 	0
        ,     	0
  100%  !	1
              15    	0
          	1
  ,          	1
            	0
    ,   3        ,       	1
    NASTY !	0
        	1
  /        	1
OMG             	1
  &quot;crumby&quot;    	0
               	0
Croutons           	1
         !	0
         !	1
       ,      ;             	1
     	0
             !	1
    , ,        40     ,    30  	0
        	1
 ,  ,  	1
       	1
  	1
  	1
    	0
        ...     !	1
     	0
....          soooooo             !	0
            	0
   ,          ,     	0
 ,          :(	0
    !	1
       	1
        	0
     ,     1    	0
          	1
  	0
            	0
 !!!	0
         	1
                   ,                 	0
  	1
  	1
  -          	0
           	0
                          	0
       ,                !	1
                        !	1
       !	1
 ,       	0
       	1
      	0
       	1
              	0
        ,       ,     ,  	1
       ,       	0
    	1
     	1
     !	0
   ,    	1
            	0
            	0
  !	0
  	0
   	0
  	1
        !	0
    $ 35      	0
            	1
  -             	1
   ,       	0
     	1
     	0
     !	1
    &quot;&quot; ...        	1
      	1
                   	1
    , , ,         (          !)	1
  ,       !	1
       	1
 !	1
 	1
                	1
   	1
        (               )	1
     ,           	1
Google            	0
  	0
        	1
            	0
    !	1
    	1
     !!!	1
       	1
        	0
           	1
      	0
  5  ,     5    	1
           	0
:    	1
  ,   	1
   	1
  	0
    ,    ,     ,       	1
  ,      	1
   ...              !	1
 ,  	1
   	1
    	0
     !	1
           	1
 ,  ,                 	1
      -   	0
            ,         ,     	0
   	0
            	0
 ,        ,               	0
  ,      ,     	0
        	0
2007          !!	1
            	1
            	1
                     	0
    	1
    	0
       &quot;  &quot;           !	1
    ,                 !	0
  ,         	1
   	0
2  !!	1
          	0
     ,      	1
 :     /    /     /           !	1
      	1
       ...   	0
   ,    	1
          ,              	0
, , , 	1
                   	1
     ,   	1
       :)       :)      	1
   	1
    !	1
               6  8   ,         	1
      FLY  .. A FLY !!!!!!!!	0
      	1
  ,      	1
    ,              	0
             	0
        	1
 ,       	1
                      	1
      ,     	0
   -   ,      	0
     ,            	1
          	1
      	1
         	1
    	0
                             	0
   ,    ,     	0
  !	0
                   	1
           	1
            ,         	1
      ,             !	0
              	1
          	1
      ,       	1
 5    ,        	1
             !	1
                ,  30       	0
        ,             !	1
      30       2          	0
       !	1
    	1
     	0
  ,   ,   	1
        !	0
   ,       	0
     	0
      !!! &quot;	1
   	0
                 	1
  	1
     ,   , -,  ,   	1
*          5  !	1
     	0
  -      	1
     ,  &quot;   &quot;    	0
   ,   	0
    !	1
           	0
          	1
  : 1)                	0
      	0
 ,    	0
      	1
            	1
     ()        ,    ,     	1
              	0
,     ,        	0
   !	1
   	0
              ,        	1
  , ,                 	1
 ,    	1
                       	1
          meh 	0
     $ 7.85                    ,        	0
     	1
       ,     ,          	0
             -                    	1
      ,    	1
    !!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
   	0
               	1
   	0
    	1
       ?	0
     !	1
 -   	1
                  ,       	0
       	1
                           ,       	0
 ,   ,          	1
             ,            	1
                ...       !	0
   	0
   ,      ,      !	0
     !!	0
     	1
       	1
  	0
      	1
               	0
       	0
         	0
     !	0
                         	1
      	1
  	0
    	0
     	0
                    	0
    	0
     ,     -, -  - 	0
           	0
  	0
                       	0
    ,              	1
  	1
                   	0
          	1
                   ,          	0
           	0
               !	1
40     ,         	0
    	1
                  	1
   	0
          !	0
       	0
      	0
   4       ,       	1
   ,                   	0
    ,             ,       ,     !!	0
        	1
     	0
        	1
      	1
    (  )   ,            	0
              	0
     ,    	1
         ,                       !	1
     	0
   /        	0
    ,      	1
            	1
     ,             BARE HANDS      ,              	0
        	1
      	1
       ,       ,      	1
                	1
    ,      	1
   ,             	1
                      	0
         ,            	0
             	0
  ,               	1
              	1
   	0
    	0
        	0
Gyros      	1
  / ,          !	1
     ,            	0
          	0
  ,     	0
       	1
      -     -           	0
 -            ,               	0
            	0
   	0
20     ,    	0
     	1
      ,                 	0
            	1
           	1
      	0
   	0
                 	1
                 	1
   	1
     ,   	1
        !	0
 ,   	1
     	0
                 ...  ...!	1
       ,    	0
  WEAK,  !	0
-    	0
 ,        ,      	0
          	0
      !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
  	0
   fav Vegas   	1
                    -   ,     	0
  : 	0
     ,                ?	0
        ,         ,      !	0
       	0
           ,    ,      	0
         ,       	0
      	0
               ,  !	0
  ,                 	0
    ,         	0
   !	0
      ,          	1
      	0
,     ,     	0
      ,            	0
   ,          	0
               	0
         ,       ...           !	0
 	0
      ,   ,    	0
              ,      	0
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy         	0
   	0
         	0
       !!	0
         $ 12 ,  	0
    	0
   ,          	0
     -  ;    ,       	0
    	0
      	0
      	0
       	0
               	0
      ,            	0
   ,      ,     	0
   !!	0
             	0
         ,                	0
            	0
                   	0
        ,             	0
Con:  	0
   ,      	0
       	0
   ,   	0
     	0
         ...            	0
                  	0
,  deuchebaggery,                   	0
                                 ?	0
              	0
             ......   !	0
            	0
      	0
     	0
    	0
                    	0
            ,   &quot;ya&#39;all&quot;   	0
                              	0
    	0
 ,             	0
   	0
  , , ,     	0
       ....  	0
           ,          	0
    ,   	0
         	0
         35     ,      	0
                   ,       	0
                   	0
    	0
                     	0
  ,         	0
           $ 11.99           (         )	0
-      (    1/2    )       	0
    ,     	0
          	0
            	0
                  	0
        	0
               	0
    	0
         	0
               	0
   	0
         	0
   ,            	0
,           ,           	0
Por lo tanto, no hay forma de conectarlo aqu en los EE. UU. A menos que vaya por un convertidor.	0
Buen caso, excelente valor.	1
Genial para la quijada.	1
Atado al cargador para conversaciones que duran ms de 45 minutos. PROBLEMAS IMPORTANTES!	0
El micrfono es genial.	1
Tengo que mover el enchufe para que se alinee correctamente y obtener un volumen decente.	0
Si tiene varias docenas o varios cientos de contactos, imagine la diversin de enviarlos uno por uno.	0
Si eres propietario de Razr ... debes tener esto!	1
No hace falta decir que desperdici mi dinero.	0
Qu desperdicio de dinero y tiempo!.	0
Y la calidad del sonido es excelente.	1
Estaba muy impresionado al pasar de la batera original a la batera extendida.	1
Si los dos estaban separados por solo 5 pies o ms, comenc a notar un sonido excesivo esttico y confuso desde los auriculares.	0
Aunque de muy buena calidad	1
El diseo es muy extrao, ya que el &quot;clip&quot; de la oreja no es muy cmodo.	0
Muy recomendable para cualquiera que tenga un telfono de dientes azules.	1
Aconsejo a TODOS que NO SE ENGAEN!	0
Hasta aqu todo bien!.	1
Funciona genial!.	1
Hace clic en su lugar de una manera que te hace preguntarte cunto tiempo durara ese mecanismo.	0
Visit el sitio web de Motorola y segu todas las instrucciones, pero no pude volver a emparejarlo.	0
Compr esto para usar con mi Kindle Fire y me encant!	1
Los comerciales son los ms engaosos.	0
Todava tengo que ejecutar esta nueva batera por debajo de dos barras y eso es tres das sin cargar.	1
Se lo compr a mi madre y ella tuvo un problema con la batera.	0
Gran combinacin de Pocket PC / telfono.	1
He tenido este telfono durante 7 meses y puedo decir que es el mejor telfono mvil que he tenido.	1
No pens que las instrucciones proporcionadas me fueran tiles.	0
La gente no poda orme hablar y tuve que sacar el auricular y hablar por telfono.	0
No tiene carga.	0
Este es un pequeo telfono simple de usar, pero la rotura es inaceptable.	0
Este producto es ideal para personas como yo cuyos odos son muy sensibles.	1
Es inutilizable en un automvil en movimiento a velocidad de autopista.	0
Me quedan dos aos ms en este contrato y odio este telfono.	0
Se incluyen tanto el cargador para automvil como el cargador de CA para asegurarse de que nunca se quede sin jugo.	1
Necesita al menos 3 minutos para acceder a su directorio telefnico desde el momento en que enciende el telfono por primera vez. La vida til de la batera es corta.	0
Se ha mantenido muy bien.	1
Pobre tiempo de conversacin.	0
El estuche es genial y funciona bien con el 680.	1
Producto sin valor.	0
Tiene una gran cmara de 2MP, y las fotos son bonitas y claras con una gran calidad de imagen.	1
No me impresion este producto.	0
Bonito auricular con el precio correcto.	1
Solo escucho basura para el audio.	0
Excelente auricular bluetooth.	1
Tiene todas las caractersticas que quiero.	1
Quin en su sano juicio va a comprar esta batera?	0
DESPUS DE DISCUTIR CON VERIZON CON RESPECTO A LAS LLAMADAS BAJADAS, REGRESAMOS LOS TELFONOS DESPUS DE DOS DAS.	0
Este caso parece estar bien hecho.	1
Decepcionado con la batera.	0
No es lo suficientemente fuerte y no se enciende como debera.	0
buena proteccin y no hace que el telfono sea demasiado voluminoso.	1
Un teclado utilizable en realidad convierte un PDA en una mquina til del mundo real en lugar de un simple dispositivo.	1
Este telfono es bastante resistente y nunca he tenido grandes problemas con l.	1
Amo esta cosa!	1
Todo est bien y es razonable por el precio, es decir	1
MUY DECEPCIONADO.	0
Incluso dej caer este telfono en una transmisin y lo sumerg durante 15 segundos y an funciona muy bien!	1
Estoy muy contento con el 510 y NO he tenido quejas de nadie con respecto a mi calidad de sonido.	1
Los botones de encendido y apagado son malos.	0
Esencialmente, puede olvidarse del soporte tcnico de Microsoft.	0
Realmente recomiendo estas placas frontales ya que se ve muy agradable, elegante y genial.	1
Estos auriculares fueron un gran hallazgo, y creo que son quizs la mejor compra que he hecho en los ltimos aos, en serio.	1
Compre un telfono diferente, pero no este.	0
Debe sostener el telfono en un ngulo particular para que la otra parte lo escuche con claridad.	0
El gran inconveniente del reproductor de MP3 es que los botones en la cubierta frontal del telfono que le permiten pausar y omitir canciones se bloquean despus de unos segundos.	0
Una semana despus, despus de activarlo, de repente muri.	0
Se siente ms cmodo que la mayora de los auriculares porque uso lentes y eso a veces se interpone.	1
Ideal para iPOD tambin.	1
Este dispositivo es excelente en varias situaciones: 1.)	1
El micrfono no funciona.	0
Incluso en mi BMW 3 series, que es bastante silencioso, tengo problemas para escuchar lo que dice la otra persona.	0
Gran eleccin!	1
Bonita estacin de acoplamiento para el hogar o el trabajo.	1
Este es un hermoso telfono.	1
Amo este producto.	1
No compre para D807 ... anunciado incorrectamente para D807.	0
Este es un gran artculo pequeo.	1
Me encanta este telfono, es muy til y tiene muchas funciones.	1
Compr esto y en 2 das ya no funcionaba!	0
Lo uso todos los das y se sostiene muy bien.	1
No es una buena ganga.	0
Bien embalado, lleg a tiempo y funciona segn lo previsto.	1
La batera se agota rpidamente.	0
Este artculo funcion muy bien, pero se rompi despus de 6 meses de uso.	0
Los auriculares son fciles de usar y todos los aman.	1
Este telfono funciona muy bien.	1
La construccin de los auriculares es pobre.	0
El producto fue excelente y funciona mejor que el de Verizon y Boy fue ms barato!	1
El telfono se carga super!	1
Para un producto que cuesta tanto como este, espero que funcione mucho mejor y con mayor facilidad que esto.	0
Hecho muy resistente.	1
Funcion genial!	1
Los auriculares solo reproducen msica en un odo.	0
No malgastes tu dinero ...	0
Ordenar de ellos otra vez!	1
Si planeas usar esto en un automvil, olvdalo.	0
Encontr este producto muy grande.	0
Lo mejor que he encontrado hasta ahora ... He probado otros 2 bluetooths y este tiene la mejor calidad (tanto para m como para el oyente), as como facilidad de uso.	1
Estoy muy decepcionado con mi decisin.	0
Integrado a la perfeccin con el telfono Motorola RAZR.	1
Comprador, tenga cuidado, podra tirar dinero directamente al inodoro.	0
Definitivamente una ganga.	1
El precio fue muy bueno y con el envo gratis y todo fue una buena compra.	1
Recib mi supuestamente nuevo motorola 375 y aparentemente no haba coincidencia entre el telfono y el cargador.	0
Pros: -Buena cmara: muy buenas fotos, tambin tiene estilos geniales como blanco y negro, y ms.	1
Ese es un gran defecto de diseo (a menos que no lo est usando correctamente, lo cual no creo que sea el caso).	0
Me encantan mis auriculares 350. Mis auriculares bluetooth Jabra350 son geniales, la recepcin es muy buena y el auricular es cmodo.	1
La cmara, aunque est clasificada en 1.3 megapxeles impresionantes, genera imgenes que estn muy por debajo de las expectativas de una resolucin tan alta.	0
Compr esto para el cargador del coche y no funciona.	0
La calidad de sonido en ambos extremos es excelente, uso auriculares para llamar a mi esposa y le pido a mi esposa que use auriculares para llamarme! 2.	1
Este telfono es delgado y ligero y la pantalla es hermosa.	1
es un poco geek, pero creo que ese es su sexo en tostadas y mece y rezuma el sexo hasta su elegante funda de cuero con batera incorporada.	1
Gran producto, envo rpido!	1
Absolutamente genial.	1
El teclado es un buen compromiso entre un QWERTY completo y el teclado numrico bsico del telfono celular.	1
Tengo este telfono a fines de mayo y estoy completamente descontento con l.	0
Es muy cmodo en la oreja.	1
Ha sido un ganador para nosotros.	1
) La configuracin no podra haber sido ms simple.	1
He probado varios auriculares diferentes para mi telfono celular y este Jabra es el primero que he encontrado que se adapta cmodamente a mi odo.	1
No se pudo obtener una seal lo suficientemente fuerte.	0
Estoy muy satisfecho con mi compra.	1
Mala calidad.	0
Hace el trabajo.	1
Gran audio!	1
Bsicamente el servicio fue muy malo.	0
no funcion en el enchufe de mi telfono celular, estoy muy preparado con el cargador!	0
Solo he tenido mi bluetooth durante algunas semanas, pero realmente me gusta.	1
El auricular BT fue una decepcin.	0
Es tan pequeo y ni siquiera te das cuenta de que est all despus de un tiempo de acostumbrarte.	1
El software acompaado es casi brillante.	1
El auricular funciona muy bien y se empaquet muy bien para evitar daos.	1
Definitivamente lo recomiendo!	1
Comprador - tenga mucho cuidado!	0
La mayora de los auriculares con micrfono Logitech fallaron.	0
Muy buenas cosas por el precio.	1
Mi auricular funciona con mucho gusto.	1
En mi casa recib una bajada de cobertura arriba y ninguna cobertura en mi stano.	0
El reconocimiento de voz es tremendo!	1
Que desperdicio.	0
Durante varias llamadas diferentes de 2 minutos, experiment 5 cadas y estaba en un rea que tena 5 barras.	0
No estaba contento con este artculo.	0
muy decepcionado.	0
El telfono tarda SIEMPRE en cargarse como 2 a 5 horas literalmente.	0
Recib este telfono por recomendacin de un pariente y me alegro de haberlo hecho.	1
Que perdida de tiempo!	0
Su recepcin es muy muy pobre.	0
Los artculos indicados como incluidos en la descripcin NO ESTN INCLUIDOS.	0
Despus de 3 meses, la pantalla se volvi negra de repente.	0
Me esperaba ms.	0
La calidad de audio es pobre, muy pobre.	0
No tuve absolutamente ningn problema con este auricular conectado a mi Blackberry Curve 8530!	1
S que suena gracioso, pero a m me pareci una tecnologa incompleta que no funcionara bien. Bueno, esta funciona muy bien.	1
Compr auriculares con cable de $ 5 que suenan mejor que estos.	0
Este telfono es muy rpido con el envo de cualquier tipo de mensajes y la navegacin web es significativamente ms rpida que los telfonos anteriores que he usado.	1
Buena calidad de construccin, a diferencia de algunos s *** baratos por ah.	1
Este artculo es fantstico y funciona perfectamente!	1
Y me encantan los colores!	1
W810i es simplemente EXCELENTE.	1
Todo lo que puedo hacer es quejarme en Internet, as que aqu va. Cuanto ms uso la cosa, menos me gusta.	0
Gran cargador	1
Esta es esencialmente una herramienta de comunicacin que no se comunica.	0
Funciona de maravilla; Funciona igual que el que obtuve con el telfono.	1
Sigo manteniendo que los monos no deberan fabricar auriculares, simplemente no compartimos suficiente ADN para copiar el diseo a los humanos.	0
Gran valor.	1
No funciona en absoluto ... Lo compr para mi L7c y no funciona.	0
Su aspecto es muy ntido y la pantalla es bonita y clara, con excelentes grficos.	1
no dura mucho	0
Una cosa que odio es el botn de configuracin del modo al costado.	0
EXCELENTE SERVICIO!!!!!!!!.	1
Gracias por malgastar mi dinero.	0
Cmo puede ser eso? La calidad de audio es pobre.	0
Los cargadores y consejos de iGo son realmente geniales.	1
El explorador de archivos ofrece todas las opciones que uno necesita. Manos libres es excelente.	1
Excelente telfono en una gran red.	1
Conect el bluetooth de mi esposa (Motorola HS850) a mi telfono y funcion de maravilla si el telfono estaba en mi bolsillo o en el estuche.	1
Le puse el ltimo sistema operativo (v1.15g), y ahora le gusta ralentizar y bloquear de vez en cuando.	0
Solo reconoce el telfono como su dispositivo de almacenamiento.	0
Si te gusta un zumbido fuerte para anular todas tus conversaciones, entonces este telfono es para ti!	0
No compres este producto.	0
He tenido este auricular bluetoooth durante algn tiempo y todava no me siento cmodo con la forma en que se adapta al odo.	0
La calidad del sonido es buena y la funcionalidad es impresionante.	1
Tengo este telfono y es una espina en mi costado, realmente lo aborrezco.	0
Recientemente tuve problemas en los que no pude permanecer conectado durante ms de 10 minutos antes de desconectarme.	0
Increble!.	1
Falla de diseo?.	0
Gran telfono!	1
Desperdicio de 13 dlares.	0
Pero cuando reviso el correo de voz por la noche, la luz de fondo del teclado se apaga unos segundos en el primer mensaje, y luego me pierdo.	0
El reemplazo muri en unas pocas semanas.	0
Cualquier tono de llamada ... En general, un buen telfono para comprar ...	1
ltimamente han sido extremadamente amables y serviciales por telfono.	1
He tenido problemas con la seal de cada y ms.	0
No me impresion.	0
Peso ligero, apenas me doy cuenta de que est all.	1
Te encantar lo delgado que es.	1
Mala eleccin.	0
El estuche de cuero no encaja.	0
telfono intil, simplemente sordo.	0
El color es an ms bonito de lo que pens que sera, y los grficos son increblemente ntidos.	1
En general, creo que fue una buena inversin.	1
Hace ruidos de tic muy extraos antes de que finalice la llamada.	0
La mejor electrnica de los transmisores FM disponibles.	1
La batera dura solo unas pocas horas.	0
excelente auricular, muy impresionado - H500.	1
La cmara de megapxeles &quot;1.2&quot;, que forma parte de un telfono, es razonablemente buena7.	1
He tenido esto durante casi 2 aos y me ha funcionado muy bien.	1
Buena transmisin de audio.	1
Lo estamos enviando de vuelta.	0
No me molest en contactar a la compaa por un producto de pocos dlares, pero aprend la leccin de que de todos modos no debera haber comprado este formulario en lnea.	0
Si odias los audfonos, evita este telfono por todos los medios.	0
Gran precio tambin!	1
El alcance es muy decente, he podido recorrer mi casa con el telfono en la sala de estar sin problemas de recepcin / calidad de sonido.	1
servicio rpido.	1
Lo recomendara mucho	1
Yo recomendara esto	1
Tampoco me gust el botn &quot;encendido&quot;, pareca que se rompera con el uso.	0
EL PEOR TELFONO NUNCA.	0
Todava estoy enamorado de este telfono.	1
Se congela con frecuencia 4.	0
Es un poco vergonzoso usarlo por su aspecto y, sobre todo, es vergonzoso lo infantil que es la compaa.	0
Sencillo, ligero y de gran ajuste.	1
En general, esperaba una mejor experiencia del consumidor de Motorola.	0
Hay un horrible sonido de fondo en todas mis llamadas que nunca antes haba experimentado.	0
Estos son ciertamente muy cmodos y la funcionalidad es decente.	1
Por lo general, no me gustan las cintas para la cabeza, pero esta es muy ligera y no me desordena el cabello.	1
Estoy un poco decepcionado	0
He tenido este telfono durante ms de un ao, y les dir que no es tan bueno.	0
Ped esto para Sony Ericsson W810i pero creo que solo funcion una vez (eso fue cuando lo us por primera vez).	0
La batera es completamente intil para m.	0
Qu gran prdida de tiempo.	0
No malgastes tu $$$ en este.	0
Gran sonido y servicio.	1
Realmente satisfecho con este producto hasta ahora.	1
Una de mis compras favoritas.	1
El mejor bluetooth del mercado.	1
Cuero autntico con buen brillo y comodidad. Te recomiendo este estuche!	1
Estaba muy emocionado de tener este auricular porque pens que era realmente lindo.	1
No cometas el mismo error que yo.	0
Gran decepcin con sincronizacin de calendario.	0
el telfono estaba inutilizable y no era nuevo.	0
El peor servicio al cliente de todos.	0
No se proporcionan geles adicionales para los odos ni instrucciones de ningn tipo.	0
Derrota el propsito de un auricular bluetooth.	0
Vale cada centavo.	1
Excelente funda para telfono tipo billetera.	1
Buenos auriculares por el precio y funcionan muy bien!	1
Internet es terriblemente lento.	0
Tambin es muy cmodo de usar, que es probablemente el aspecto ms importante sobre el uso de un estuche.	1
Se ajusta como un guante y es fuerte, seguro y duradero.	1
Oh, Dios mo, el mejor telfono que he tenido.	1
Es muy atractivo y parece ser de buena calidad.	1
Me encantan todas las caractersticas y el factor de forma.	1
Este producto tena un fuerte olor a goma / petrleo que era insoportable despus de un tiempo y me hizo devolverlo	0
Mala calidad y servicio.	0
El cable se ve tan delgado y endeble que da miedo.	0
Gran auricular.	1
Excelente herramienta manos libres.	1
Ideal para usar con el estreo de tu hogar.	1
Buen producto - valor increble.	1
Solo tuve esto un mes, pero hasta ahora ha funcionado perfectamente.	1
Funciona genial.	1
Absolutel basura.	0
ESO tampoco funcion.	0
La duracin de la batera es realmente buena.	1
Regres 8 horas despus.	0
Es un gran artculo.	1
No malgastes tu dinero !.	0
Me encanta este auricular!	1
No solo agotar su reproductor, sino que tambin podra frerlo.	0
Funcion perfectamente!	1
No confiable: me estoy rindiendo.	0
Le di 5 estrellas por la calidad del sonido.	1
Evita este si puedes.	0
El enchufe reversible funciona muy bien.	1
Perd mi poco dinero con este auricular.	0
Muy buen telefono.	1
Lo mejor de todo es la funcin giratoria, muy til.	1
Comodidad para toda nuestra familia.	1
Buen producto, buen vendedor.	1
Amo este bluetooth!	1
En primer lugar, no se desgasta bien.	0
Estoy muy impresionado con este auricular de Plantronics.	1
Lo entend porque era muy pequeo y adorable.	1
Gran telfono!	1
No recomendara comprar este producto.	0
Pedazo de basura.	0
Bisagra mal construida.	0
Este artculo es excelente, lo instal, lo dej cargar durante toda la noche y ha estado funcionando bien desde entonces sin problemas	1
Gran telfono.	1
No lo compres.	0
Excelente telefono.	1
NO COMPRE ESTE TELFONO.	0
El reconocimiento de voz a travs del auricular es excelente.	1
Este es sin duda el mejor telfono que he tenido.	1
Funciona muy bien, cuando mi gato atac el telfono rasc la tira protectora en lugar de destruir la pantalla.	1
Este funciona y tena un precio justo.	1
El servicio al cliente fue terrible.	0
La duracin de la batera an no es suficiente en Motorola Razor V3i.	0
Enviando de nuevo.	0
Ahora s que tom una sabia decisin.	1
Alguien debera haber inventado esto antes.	1
Buen precio.	1
Todo funcion en el primer intento. El dispositivo fue diseado de una manera inteligente y la construccin se siente bien.	1
Lo recib rpidamente y funciona muy bien!	1
Ha estado trabajando muy bien.	1
Como mucha gente se quej, encontr que el micrfono de este auricular era muy dbil.	0
Mi Nokia 2160 de 5 aos de Tracfone tiene la carga mucho mejor que esto.	0
No les importa nada el consumidor.	0
Esta es una buena batera, y lleg aqu muy rpido.	1
Falta el manual de instrucciones.	0
Tambin es lo suficientemente delgado como para caber en la estacin de acoplamiento de mi despertador sin quitar la funda.	1
El telfono ahora tiene carga como lo haca cuando era nuevo.	1
La batera no es confiable y el servicio utiliza antena.	0
Es incmodo y la calidad del sonido es bastante pobre en comparacin con el telfono (Razr) o con mis auriculares con cable anteriores (que se enchufaron a un LG).	0
Hemos recibido muchos cumplidos al respecto.	1
Esto es definitivamente imprescindible si su estado no permite el uso del telfono celular mientras conduce.	1
Quiero mi dinero de vuelta.	0
Amo este dispositivo	1
Tambin estoy muy contento con el precio.	1
Primero ped este producto y no me gust de inmediato.	0
El Ngage todava carece de auriculares.	0
Pude hacer marcacin por voz en el automvil sin ningn problema.	1
Tengo 2-3 barras en mi telfono celular cuando estoy en casa, pero no puedes escuchar nada.	0
Buen artculo, bajo precio.	1
Sin embargo, los riingtones no son los mejores, y tampoco lo son los juegos.	0
El enchufe no funcion muy bien.	0
La Amazona apesta.	0
Estafa ---- Sobrecarga de envo.	0
Muy cmodo.	1
La batera funciona bien como reemplazo del original que vino con el telfono hace ms de 2 aos.	1
La recepcin es excelente!	1
Se adapta cmodamente a cualquier odo, el sonido es claro y fuerte, y la carga dura un par de das.	1
sonido muy claro y de calidad y no tiene que meterse con el sonido en su iPod ya que tiene los botones de sonido en el auricular.	1
1. batera de larga duracin (no es necesario recargarla con tanta frecuencia como algunos de los telfonos con tapa) 2.	0
Obviamente hay un problema con el adhesivo.	0
Muy decepcionante.	0
Era una pieza econmica, pero an esperaba una mejor calidad.	0
Es prcticamente intil y no agreg ningn tipo de impulso a mi recepcin despus de comprarlo.	0
Excelente calidad de sonido.	1
No estaba contento.	0
UNA PIEZA DE BASURA QUE SE ROMPE DESPUS DE ESTAR EN MI TELFONO DURANTE 2 DAS!	0
Nueva batera funciona muy bien en el telfono.	1
El peor servicio al cliente.	0
He dejado caer mi telfono ms veces de las que puedo decir, incluso en concreto y mi telfono sigue siendo excelente (toco madera!).	1
La recepcin es terrible y llena de esttica.	0
Buena calidad de audio	1
Este pequeo dispositivo ha transformado mi capacidad de organizacin y ha hecho que mi vida sea mucho ms fcil.	1
Estaba sentado en mi vehculo, con la cuna en el cinturn y el auricular perdi la seal.	0
Estaban JERKS en el telfono.	0
Funciona como un encanto ... Funciona como se anuncia.	1
Cmodo, buen rango, buena duracin de la batera.	1
Su cobertura de red en Los ngeles es horrible.	0
Excelente auricular inalmbrico de arranque.	0
La opcin de altavoz es excelente, los parachoques con luces son muy ... atractivos.	0
Lo nico que creo que podra mejorar es el sonido que sale del auricular.	0
En primer lugar, la recepcin apesta, nunca he tenido ms de 2 bares, nunca.	0
El telfono se CALIENTA EXTREMADAMENTE!	0
El micrfono tambin funciona bien, pero (segn la gente a la que llam) lo aplica todo.	1
Bonito diseo y calidad.	1
Adems, si su telfono se cae, este estuche no lo va a guardar, especialmente cuando se deja caer boca abajo.	0
Es ligero, fcil de usar y tiene una recepcin y transmisin muy claras.	1
mal ajuste, demasiado grande.	0
Definitivamente no fue tan bueno como mi S11.	1
Impresionante dispositivo.	1
Perdida de dinero.	0
Haba pedido un cable de datos de Motorola, obtuve un producto muy bien acabado y funcional.	1
Amo este telfono.	1
Estuve buscando este auricular durante mucho tiempo y ahora que lo tengo no podra estar ms feliz.	1
Voy a seguir conduciendo, y mi auricular comienza a sonar sin ninguna razn.	0
La pantalla es excelente y la cmara es tan buena como cualquiera de ese ao.	1
La duracin de la batera tambin es excelente!	1
El peor telfono que he tenido ... Solo lo tuve durante unos meses.	0
No es un buen artculo. Funcion por un tiempo y luego comenz a tener problemas en mi reproductor de cintas de reversa automtica.	0
Esto es muy vergonzoso y tambin me duelen los odos si trato de presionar el tapn en mi odo.	0
Protege el telfono por todos lados.	1
Este es un telfono MUY promedio con una batera de poca duracin que funciona en una red dbil.	0
Llamadas claras de Skype, batera de larga duracin, largo alcance.	1
La tecnologa de Soyo apesta.	0
Gran dispositivo de manos libres.	1
Incluso puede tomar autorretratos con la pantalla exterior (exterior), muy genial.	1
El mismo problema que otros han mencionado.	0
Despus de probar muchos dispositivos manos libres, este es el que finalmente funciona bien.	1
Ayuda Mgica	1
La peor basura con el servicio al cliente de Verizon.	0
Mala calidad de sonido.	0
El mejor telfono del mercado :).	1
Funcion muy bien.	1
La compaa envi mi producto muy rpidamente y funciona bien.	1
Exactamente lo que quera.	1
La resolucin de la imagen est muy por debajo de lo que ofrecen hoy otros telfonos con precios comparables.	0
Esta es una gran cosa.	1
Excelente producto, estoy muy satisfecho con la compra.	1
Recomiendo encarecidamente estos y aliento a las personas a probarlos.	1
Mejor de lo que esperabas.	1
Usando todos los auriculares, izquierdo o derecho, esto no se quedar en mi odo.	0
Gran producto y precio.	1
Suena bien a un precio razonable y efectivo. Es as de simple!	1
Todava estoy esperando ... Estoy seguro de que este artculo funcionar bien ... si alguna vez lo recibo!	0
que decepcion	0
Muy rpido servicio.	1
Excelente producto por el precio.	1
Muy contento con este auricular.	1
No malgastes tu dinero y tu tiempo.	0
Me encanta especialmente la larga duracin de la batera.	1
Es tan estpido tener que seguir comprando nuevos cargadores, cargadores de automviles, bases, auriculares y kits de automviles cada vez que sale un nuevo telfono.	0
Funciona genial.	1
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelente compra.	1
Vine de Verizon porque cingulair tiene mejores telfonos celulares ... lo primero que not fue el muy mal servicio.	0
Voy a buscar un nuevo auricular.	0
Recomiendo este dispositivo a todos!	1
Jawbone Era tambin es increble!	1
Recibimos una batera de color BLANCO que se APAGA despus de un par de horas. El original sola durar una semana, pero an dura ms que la colocacin.	0
Despus de un ao, la batera se agot por completo en mis auriculares.	0
He usado varios telfonos en dos aos, pero este es el mejor.	1
Un nuevo look impresionante para el otoo de 2000!	1
Este es el primer telfono que he tenido que ha sido fabricado de manera tan barata.	0
Att no est claro, el sonido est muy distorsionado y tienes que gritar cuando hablas.	0
El plstico se rompe muy fcilmente en este clip.	0
El precio tambin es bueno.	1
No cometas el mismo error que yo.	0
Ah, y olvid mencionar tambin el extrao efecto de color que tiene en tu telfono.	0
Lo estoy usando con un iriver SPINN (con estuche) y me queda bien.	1
Tambin el rea donde se rompi mi unidad) .- No soy muy aficionado a la correa magntica.	0
En general, estoy emocionado de tener un telfono que tenga todas mis citas y contactos y reciba una excelente recepcin.	1
todo en el telfono funciona perfectamente, a ella le gusta.	1
Otra nota sobre la apariencia de este telfono es que realmente se ve bastante soso, especialmente en el modelo completamente negro.	0
ES REALMENTE FCIL.	1
Mi Sanyo ha sobrevivido a docenas de gotas en el asfalto sin ningn efecto negativo.	1
Fantsticos auriculares.	1
Encuentra mi telfono celular de inmediato cuando entro en el auto.	1
Baja calidad.	0
Recomiendo encarecidamente este telfono celular de precio modesto.	1
Pero tiene una mejor recepcin y claridad que cualquier otro telfono que haya tenido antes.	1
Advertencia: aljate.	0
Deseara poder devolver la unidad y recuperar mi dinero.	0
Impresionante dispositivo funciona genial !!.	1
Sola hablar sobre ello durante 1 - 1 1/2 horas y la batera estaba literalmente agotada y agotada.	0
Si no lo encuentra, es una lstima, ya que nuevamente la unidad viene con un solo auricular. No se lo recomendara a nadie.	0
Muy disgustado	0
Podra haber tenido un defecto, pero no me arriesgara a comprarlo nuevamente solo por la calidad de construccin.	0
Hicieron este caso demasiado pequeo y es muy difcil de instalar.	0
Restaurado mi telfono para que me guste el nuevo rendimiento.	1
Recomiendo comprar el Jabra JX-10 series 2 que funciona a la perfeccin con mi Moto Q, imagnate.	1
Busqu en Internet y encontr que este es el mejor valor.	1
No se ajusta.	0
Muy feliz con este producto.	1
El tamao de la pantalla es grande, el teclado est suficientemente iluminado y la calidad de la cmara es excelente para un telfono con cmara.	1
Realmente no hay nada malo que pueda decir sobre este auricular.	0
Me alegro de haber encontrado este producto en Amazon, es difcil de encontrar, no era caro.	1
Porttil y funciona.	1
Mi colega y yo ahora tenemos una excelente recepcin. Un poco caro, pero el rendimiento es excelente.	1
Incluso lo cargu por completo antes de irme a la cama y apagu bluetooth y wi-fi y not que solo me quedaba un 20% por la maana.	0
Tambin he tenido problemas con el telfono que lee la tarjeta de memoria en la que siempre lo enciendo y luego lo apago nuevamente.	0
No es bueno cuando se usa un sombrero o gafas de sol.	0
Envo oportuno y producto de calidad.	1
Bonito teclado slido.	1
Muy bien hecho y se adapta perfectamente a mi Surefire GX2.	1
Horrible telfono.	0
BT50 basura basura!	0
Se lo recomendaramos a otros.	1
No puedo hacer que el software funcione con mi computadora.	0
Decepcionado!.	0
Poca claridad de voz.	0
La batera funciona muy bien!	1
Ningn comprador se arrepiente de esto!	0
Muy decepcionado con AccessoryOne.	0
Esto me parece inexcusable y probablemente devolver este telfono y tal vez cambie de operador.	0
Se ve muy bien y es fuerte &quot;.	1
He tenido el servicio TMobile durante 2 o 3 aos y estoy bastante contento con l.	1
El procedimiento de actualizacin es difcil y engorroso.	0
Decepcin .. Odio todo lo que pasa en mi odo.	0
Gran software para Motorolas.	1
La entrega lleg a tiempo.	1
Muy facil de usar.	1
Incmodo en el odo, no lo use con LG VX9900 (EnV).	0
El interruptor de volumen sali disparado de la unidad a un destino desconocido.	0
Mantiene una carga durante mucho tiempo, es razonablemente cmodo en condiciones de uso prolongado y la calidad del sonido es tremenda.	1
Me gustara devolverlo.	0
El teclado realmente vale la pena en utilidad y es lo suficientemente resistente, no espero ningn problema.	1
Sin embargo, las facturas de Verizon son difciles de entender a pesar de que sus planes de precios son simples.	0
Despus de cargar durante la noche, estas bateras funcionan muy bien.	1
No te arrepentirs!	1
Me encanta este telfono!	1
Una decepcin.	0
No es fcil de usar.	0
Desafortunadamente, la capacidad de saber realmente que est recibiendo una llamada es una caracterstica bastante importante y este telfono es lamentable a ese respecto.	0
Luego cambi por el mismo telfono, incluso ese tena el mismo problema.	0
Esto da como resultado que el telfono se atasque en el volumen mximo o se silencie.	0
Esta PDA es genial.	1
Est sper cargado para su uso como una pequea cmara de mano hbrida / cmara / telfono celular, y sobresale en esos roles.	1
Definitivamente recomendara el Jabra BT250v para aquellos que buscan comodidad, claridad y un excelente precio!	1
Tuve Verizon hace 2 aos y realmente me gust su servicio.	1
Bastante pedazo de basura.	0
El enchufe era del tamao incorrecto.	0
Funciona como se describe.	1
Ahorre su dinero ... He tenido este artculo durante 11 meses.	0
Mala compra	0
Bien, estoy satisfecho.	1
La cancelacin de ruido bose es increble, lo cual es muy importante para un viajero de Nueva York.	1
Esta batera es una excelente ganga!	1
Basura defectuosa.	0
No hubiera dado ninguna estrella si hubiera podido.	0
Llevo gafas y me queda bien.	1
La calidad del sonido del dispositivo es inaceptable. A menos que se encuentre en una zona realmente tranquila, casi no escucha nada.	0
No recomendara este artculo a nadie.	0
La funda que lleg no coincida con la foto en el anuncio.	0
genial ... no hay problemas en absoluto!	1
Como seal una revisin anterior, conecte este cargador y no pasa nada.	0
Este encanto de telfono de rana es adorable y muy llamativo.	1
Nunca se sabe si lo presion lo suficiente o el nmero correcto de veces para la funcin que desea o no.	0
El sonido es claro y las personas con las que hablo tambin se sorprenden de la calidad.	1
Obtuve la carcasa de aluminio para mi nuevo Palm VX y funcion muy bien: hasta ahora ha protegido perfectamente mi dispositivo de mano.	1
Muy buen producto, bien hecho.	1
Las herramientas de telefona mvil son imprescindibles.	1
Estoy muy impresionado con el trabajo que hizo Motorola en la solidez de este telfono.	1
Recib mis pedidos dentro del plazo de envo, todo estaba en buen estado de funcionamiento y, en general, estoy muy emocionado de tener esta fuente.	1
El telfono es resistente e impermeable.	1
No estoy impresionado con esto y no recomendara este artculo a nadie.	0
Mi nica queja es que el volumen de sonido estndar es un poco bajo, incluso cuando se sube a 5 (de 5)	0
Gracias de nuevo a Amazon por tener las cosas que necesito a un buen precio.	1
Termin deslizndolo en el borde de mis pantalones o bolsillos traseros.	1
Tuve que ir a una tienda y comprar un nuevo telfono NOKIA que funciona muy bien.	1
Funciona genial!.	1
REALMENTE FEO.	0
horrible, tuve que cambiar 3 veces.	0
El escudo de ruido es increble.	1
No hay mejora real.	0
Batera Razr - Buena compra.	1
Sigan con el buen trabajo Amazon!	1
Se niegan a reembolsar o reemplazar.	0
Desafortunadamente, es fcil activarlos accidentalmente con los botones de toque suave si accidentalmente toca el telfono en la cara mientras escucha.	0
As que bsicamente tir mi dinero por la ventana por nada.	0
Gran caso y precio!	1
Todo lo que se necesit fue una cada de aproximadamente 6 pulgadas sobre el mostrador de la cocina y estaba rajado. No estoy impresionado y no me estoy riendo.	0
El alcance de Bluetooth es bueno: hace unos das dej mi telfono en la cajuela, recib una llamada y mantuve la conversacin sin problemas.	1
Configuracin pequea, elegante, de aspecto impresionante y prctica con amplio espacio de almacenamiento.	1
Los auriculares canalizan el sonido directamente en su odo y parecen aumentar el volumen y la claridad del sonido.	1
ninguno de los nuevos ha funcionado correctamente.	0
Me alegro de haberlo comprado.	1
Perd numerosas llamadas por este motivo.	0
Quizs mi telfono est defectuoso, pero la gente no puede escucharme cuando lo uso.	0
No compres este producto.	0
apestado, la mayora de las cosas no funcionan con mi telfono.	0
Sin cambios, sin burbujas, sin pelar, ni un rasguo, NADA! No podra estar ms feliz con mi nuevo para el Droid.	1
El peor software utilizado ... Si pudiera darle a este cero estrellas, lo hara.	0
Intentar hacer una llamada sobre estos es un ejercicio de frustracin.	0
El estuche es una pieza de plstico endeble y no tiene proteccin frontal ni lateral de ningn tipo.	0
Tengo un Jabra Earset y estoy muy contento con l, pero la calidad de sonido, especialmente extrovertida, es mejor.	1
Me encanta la cmara, es realmente de muy buena calidad.	1
Gracias por tan buen servicio.	1
Es un paquete total.	1
El vendedor es muy comprensivo y paciente, definitivamente comprara de ellos nuevamente.	1
Le doy 1 estrella a Wirefly. Me pondr en contacto con Cingular / AT &amp; T; e informarles de esta prctica.	0
Se est AGRAVANDO!	0
Gran producto por el precio !.	1
Los he comprado tanto para familiares como para amigos, y todos disfrutan de su claridad y facilidad de uso.	1
Virgin Wireless es genial y tambin este pequeo telfono barato!	1
Nada de eso funciona, simplemente no lo compre.	0
Sonido fangoso y de baja calidad, y la carcasa alrededor del inserto del cable estaba mal pegada y se desliz.	0
Por favor no malgastes tu dinero.	0
En general, estoy bastante satisfecho con esta compra.	1
Si est buscando un auricular Motorola de buena calidad, siga buscando, este no lo es.	0
Sin embargo, Plantronincs contina usando el mismo diseo de cargador defectuoso.	0
Resultados decepcionantes.	0
Diseo engorroso.	0
Genial, era nuevo, bien embalado, funciona bien, sin problemas y lleg en menos tiempo de lo que esperaba.	1
Buen producto.	1
ES UNA PIEZA DE MIERDA!	0
Mi experiencia fue terrible ... Este fue mi cuarto auricular bluetooth, y aunque era mucho ms cmodo que mi ltimo Jabra (que ODA!	0
Esto soluciona todos los problemas.	1
Infinitamente peor.	0
Estoy muy feliz	1
No he tenido problemas para acceder a Internet, descargar tonos de llamada o realizar cualquiera de las funciones.	1
Apenas puedo escucharlo y constantemente digo &quot;qu?&quot;	0
La duracin de la batera es muy inaceptable.	0
Esa compaa es una broma.	0
Hace todo lo que la descripcin deca que hara.	1
Debido a que esto suceda en cada llamada, me vi obligado a dejar de usar este auricular.	0
Funciona muy bien con un cargador de automvil, especialmente si no puede enchufar dos adaptadores al mismo tiempo.	1
El soporte tcnico de Verizon me gui a travs de algunos procedimientos, ninguno de los cuales funcion y termin teniendo que hacer un restablecimiento completo, borrando todos mis datos.	0
Calidad de voz, intensidad de seal, llamadas cadas.	0
Se reproduce ms fuerte que cualquier otro altavoz de este tamao; el precio es tan bajo que la mayora pensara que falta la calidad, sin embargo, no lo es.	1
Mejor de lo esperado.	1
Se siente mal construido, los mens son difciles de navegar y los botones estn tan empotrados que es difcil presionarlos.	0
La batera est aguantando bien.	1
Tambin es difcil de poner. Recomiendo evitar este producto.	0
Solo lo us dos das, y no siempre fue fcil escucharlo.	0
Consegu el cargador del automvil y ni siquiera despus de una semana el cargador se rompi ... Fui a enchufarlo y comenz a fumar.	0
Sprint - terrible servicio al cliente.	0
Vinculado a mi telfono sin esfuerzo.	1
Son tan geniales!	1
Fcil de usar.	1
Mejor que nuevo.	1
Lo que me permiti obtener esta basura, no tengo idea ...	0
Pedazo de basura.	0
Un muy buen producto.	1
Este es un gran telfono!.	1
Por el precio en Amazon, es un excelente producto, que recomiendo encarecidamente.	1
Su divisin de Investigacin y Desarrollo obviamente sabe lo que estn haciendo.	1
El verdadero asesino es el volumen y, por supuesto, se rompe.	0
Esos telfonos funcionan bien ahora.	1
Estoy ms que feliz con este producto.	1
Mala construccin.	0
Esto es exasperante.	0
En general, recomendara este telfono sobre el nuevo Walkman.	1
Sprint cobra por este servicio.	0
Es barato, y se siente y se ve igual de barato.	0
Se adapta bien a mi odo y se siente cmodo.	1
No funciona en Europa o Asia.	0
sujetar esto a tu cinturn definitivamente te har sentir como un futuro prometedor de 50 centavos.	1
Me gusta el diseo y el aspecto de Jabra detrs de los auriculares y 5020 es bastante cmodo de usar las 24 horas del da sin dolor en el odo.	1
Me sorprendi la rpida llegada de las dos bateras originales de telfonos celulares LG y por una fraccin del precio.	1
el peor telfono de Samsung ... mierda ... este horrible Samsung E715 ... es el peor que he visto.	0
el cargador funcion durante aproximadamente una semana y luego dej de cargar completamente mi telfono.	0
Pobre producto.	0
Sin embargo, necesitaba algunas mejores instrucciones.	0
Necesita dos manos para operar la pantalla. Esta interfaz de software tiene una dcada y no puede competir con los nuevos diseos de software.	0
Funcion muy bien emparejado con un Treo 700w y como un auricular de Skype en mi PC (usando un transceptor USB Bluetooth).	1
Mantngase alejado de este producto y vaya con las plumas originales de reemplazo de Palm, que vienen en un paquete de tres.	0
NO COMPRE NO COMPRE CHUPOS	0
Este es un gran producto ... seguro que supera con los dedos !.	1
Adems, realmente no creo que valga la pena su alto precio.	0
Todos los otros casos que he probado normalmente se desmoronan despus de unos meses, pero este parece ser a largo plazo.	1
Rendimiento muy decepcionante.	0
No cometas el mismo error que comet y no compres este telfono.	0
Este telfono bien podra ser el peor que he tenido en cualquier marca.	0
El caso fue ms o menos un extra que me puse originalmente, pero luego lo descart porque me rasc la oreja.	0
Recomiendo iGo a cualquier persona con diferentes telfonos celulares / reproductores de mp3 de la familia.	1
No te molestes, ve a la tienda.	0
Publiqu comentarios ms detallados debajo del telfono gris o negro, pero tengo el rojo fuego y es un gran color!	1
No tuve ningn problema con este artculo y lo ordenara nuevamente si fuera necesario.	1
Obtienes lo que pagas, supongo.	0
El software no solo hizo un gran trabajo al respecto, sino que tambin pude hacer mis propios tonos de llamada desde mis CD existentes sin una conexin a Internet.	1
Estoy sorprendido de que este sea un cargador de automvil de buena calidad y no hay muchas crticas al respecto.	1
Estos son fabulosos!	1
Sin embargo, los auriculares BT actualmente no son buenos para juegos en tiempo real, como los shooters en primera persona, ya que el retraso de audio me confunde.	0
Utilic bitpim (un programa gratuito que puedes encontrar en Internet) para transferir datos al telfono. El precio del cable fue excelente.	1
Accesorio decepcionante de un buen fabricante.	0
Realizado horrible - amortiguado, sonido metlico entrante y eco severo para los que estn al otro lado de la llamada.	0
Muy resistente al viento.	1
Obviamente tienen un servicio al cliente terrible, por lo que obtienes lo que pagas.	0
No duran para siempre, pero no es demasiado costoso de reemplazar. Fcil de operar y el sonido es mucho mejor que otros que he probado.	1
Me puse en contacto con la compaa y me dijeron que, aunque la unidad todava estaba en garanta, si no poda presentar mi recibo no tena suerte.	0
Linksys debera tener alguna forma de cambiar un telfono defectuoso por una unidad de renovacin o algo as!	0
El telfono es resistente como todos los telfonos con barra de Nokia.	1
Gran telefono.	1
Cuando coloqu mi treo en el estuche, no solo NO estaba ajustado, sino que haba MUCHO espacio adicional a los lados.	0
Estoy complacido.	1
La batera es terrible.	0
Encontr que el producto es fcil de configurar y usar.	1
El auricular de esto es demasiado grande o demasiado pesado ... se me cae de la oreja.	0
Una mierda absoluta. La calidad del sonido es TERRIBLE.	0
El cargador lleg dentro del plazo prometido, pero no funcion.	0
No se necesita bucle de odo, es pequeo y el sonido es excelente.	1
Finalmente, despus de tres o cuatro veces, el resorte del pestillo se rompi y no pude usarlo ms en la visera.	0
La parte de manos libres funciona bien, pero luego el automvil intenta descargar la libreta de direcciones y el Treo se reinicia. En general, todava califico este dispositivo como alto.	1
Hable sobre el servicio al cliente INTIL.	0
Se senta demasiado ligero y &quot;metlico&quot;.	0
Esto no se ajusta al Palm Tungsten E2 y se rompi la primera vez que intent enchufarlo.	0
Estoy contento con esta compra, buena calidad y bajo precio.	1
Me encanta la apariencia de los flipphones Samsung.	1
Est bien diseado y es muy ntido: el azul es un color muy agradable.	1
Hace todo lo que debera y ms.	1
No podra recomendar estos ms.	0
Buen Sonido.	1
Se ve bien en la imagen, pero este caso fue una gran decepcin!	0
Mucho menos que la quijada con la que iba a reemplazarlo.	1
La configuracin fue muy fluida.	1
es extremadamente lento y lleva mucho tiempo hacer algo con l	0
A debe estudiar para cualquier persona interesada en los &quot;peores pecados&quot; del diseo industrial.	0
Lo primero que sucedi fue que el seguimiento estaba apagado.	0
Est bien hecho, es fcil acceder al telfono y tiene un prctico clip para cinturn desmontable.	1
Luego tuve que continuar emparejndolo peridicamente ya que de alguna manera segua cayendo.	0
No se pueden cargar tonos de llamada de un tercero.	0
Bluetooth no funciona, el telfono se bloquea, las pantallas simplemente parpadean y ahora solo hace llamadas al azar mientras estoy en mi bolsillo cerrado.	0
Realmente horrible	0
Funciona bien en mi telfono celular Motorola 325, y mucho mejor que la batera gastada.	1
El volumen del timbre es MUY bueno (tienes opciones de qu tan alto)	1
Y ninguno de los tonos es aceptable.	0
el balance de color de la cmara es HORRIBLE.	0
Claramente, este producto no est listo para el horario de mxima audiencia, no me importa lo genial que se vea, si no puede decir que est entrando una llamada, no tiene valor.	0
Me encantan los tonos de llamada porque son muy optimistas!	1
Falsificaciones chinas abundan!	0
Fcil de emparejar con mi Samsung Cell.	1
Las instrucciones no explicaban que se pudiera usar un conector de micrfono.	0
Aconsejara no comprar este artculo, nunca funcion muy bien.	0
Lstima que tengas que pagar hasta $$$ al mes por el servicio!	0
Funciona bien.	1
El cable USB nokia CA-42 no funcionaba con mi telfono.	0
Sonido claro y ntido.	1
Tengo que usar los auriculares ms pequeos proporcionados, pero se mantiene bastante bien.	1
La mayor queja que tengo es que la batera se agota muy rpido.	0
El diseo puede ser ergonmico en teora, pero no podra soportar tenerlos en mi odo.	0
NO compre si desea usar la funda.	0
El telfono tambin puede tomar excelentes fotos e incluso videoclips.	1
No te hace ver genial.	0
Debido a que ambas orejas estn ocupadas, el fondo no distrae en absoluto.	1
Ajuste cmodo: necesita que sus auriculares estn cmodos durante al menos una hora a la vez, si no durante todo un da.	1
Adems, el telfono no parece aceptar nada excepto los mp3 CBR, preferiblemente copiados por Windows Media Player.	0
No se puede superar el precio de estos.	1
* Viene con una luz fuerte que puede usar para iluminar las tomas de su cmara e incluso emitir seales SOS (en serio!	1
Ligero y funciona bien.	1
As que ten cuidado.	0
Me encanta este cable, me permite conectar cualquier dispositivo mini-USB a mi PC.	1
Entonces, cualquiera que est cerca de usted escuchar parte de su conversacin.	0
Esto es genial porque la mayora de los casos solo estn abiertos all, lo que permite que la pantalla se raye.	1
Compr este telfono como reemplazo de mi StarTac y lo he lamentado desde entonces.	0
Parece superar realmente la batera original de China que vino con mi V325i.	1
No puedo almacenar nada ms que nmeros de telfono en la SIM.	0
Dura realmente menos de 3 minutos, si realmente trato de usar el telfono. Mi esposa tiene el mismo telfono con el mismo problema.	0
Mala calidad.	0
jabra ear gels &quot;R&quot; lo mejor !.	1
No vale la pena.	0
El telfono se bloque por completo y ahora tengo que reemplazarlo.	0
Dej de funcionar despus de haberlo usado durante unos 18 meses, as que acabo de comprar otro porque este es el mejor auricular que he tenido.	1
Desafortunadamente, no recargar mi iPhone 4s, a pesar de conectarlo desde mltiples fuentes de alimentacin (iMac, batera externa, toma de corriente, etc.).	0
Fue un gran telfono.	1
si simplemente desea un telfono plegable pequeo, busque en otro lado ya que las campanas y silbatos adicionales son mediocres.	0
Buen valor, funciona bien: alimentacin a travs de USB, automvil o toma de corriente.	1
Mi telfono no se desliza alrededor de mi auto ahora y el agarre evita que mi telfono se salga de mi mano.	1
Este es simplemente el MEJOR auricular Bluetooth para calidad de sonido!	1
Pinsalo bien cuando planeas tener este! Este es sin duda el ltimo telfono MOTO para m!	0
En el lapso de una hora, hice que dos personas exclamaran &quot;Vaya! Es ese el nuevo telfono en la televisin?&quot;	1
Siempre he usado auriculares con cable y la libertad de la conexin inalmbrica es muy til.	1
Este caso ha pasado la marca de un ao y, aunque muestra signos de desgaste, es 100% funcional.	1
Aparte de eso, el cuero es agradable y suave; el ajuste es muy ajustado; El corte para la cara es una buena forma.	1
Tiene todo lo que necesito y no podra pedir ms.	1
Despus de recibir y usar el producto por solo 2 das, se rompi.	0
Este producto es excelente ... hace que trabajar sea mucho ms fcil. Puedo ir a la copiadora mientras espero algo.	1
Ninguno de los tres tamaos que enviaron con el auricular quedara en mis odos.	0
T-Mobile tiene el mejor servicio al cliente en cualquier lugar.	1
Lleg rpidamente y mucho menos costoso que otros que se venden.	1
Hemos probado 2 unidades y ambas fallaron en 2 meses. Pros	0
Proporciona una buena proteccin y tambin se ve elegante.	1
Krussel Siempre bien.	1
El sitio web de tracfone es fcil de usar y facilita la activacin, etc.	1
El diseo es muy bueno.	1
Tengo una gran recepcin todo el tiempo.	1
Yo recomendara altamente este producto.	1
No se pudo usar la unidad con gafas de sol, no es bueno en Texas!	0
No funciona la mayor parte del tiempo con mi Nokia 5320.	0
Comprado principalmente por el cargador, que se rompi poco despus de la compra.	0
Si te gusta un zumbido fuerte para anular todas tus conversaciones, entonces este telfono es para ti!	0
Fantstica compra y obtendr otra vez por lo que sea mi prximo telfono	1
mantente alejado de esta tienda, ten cuidado.	0
Este altavoz de telfono manos libres BlueAnt Supertooth es INCREBLE.	1
No se ajusta.	0
.... El artculo lleg rpidamente y funciona muy bien con mi telfono deslizante Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 y Sony Premium Sound en tapones para los odos.	1
Es liviano, tiene mucha capacidad de batera y es muy cmodo de usar durante perodos de tiempo algo prolongados.	1
decepcionante.	0
Blue Ant es fcil de usar.	1
Barato pero bueno, funciona. Qued gratamente sorprendido dado el bajo costo de este artculo.	1
La cmara del telfono se puede usar como recogedor cuando est en interiores ... Prefiero usar un desechable que esto.	0
Luego, unos das despus, una nube de humo sali del telfono mientras estaba en uso.	0
Es muy conveniente y fcil de usar: hace el trabajo y hace que el auto sea mucho ms suave.	1
El nano lo dijo. Mi hijo estaba decepcionado.	0
La calidad del sonido tambin es excelente.	1
Es el mejor auricular que he usado.	1
No lo recomendara.	0
Han existido durante aos y tienen la ms alta calidad de protector de pantalla antideslumbrante que he encontrado hasta la fecha.	1
Justo lo que quera.	1
Este modelo en particular no funcionara con mi telfono inteligente Motorola Q.	0
No funcionar bien o al menos para m.	0
Adems, se siente y se ve como si el telfono fuera de plstico barato y ligero.	0
Pero ahora que est &quot;fuera de garanta&quot; vuelven a surgir los mismos problemas. En pocas palabras ... coloque su dinero en otro lugar ... Cingular no lo admitir.	0
Realmente quera que Plantronics 510 fuera el correcto, pero tiene demasiados problemas para m.	0
Buen producto.	1
Crujiente y claro.	1
Despus de que la primera carga continuara muerta despus de 12 minutos.	0
Plstico MUY barato, cruje como un viejo piso de madera.	0
Recibo una recepcin absolutamente horrible en mi departamento, donde con otros telfonos no he tenido este problema.	0
La recepcin ha sido en general buena.	1
Excelente sonido, duracin de la batera y discreto para arrancar.	1
Gran bluetooth!	1
Recomiendo mucho este caso.	1
VALE LA PENA.	1
Esta es una gran cosa.	1
Despus de que mi telfono tuviera aproximadamente un ao, se ha roto lentamente a pesar de mucho cuidado de mi parte.	0
Lo siento, hice esta compra.	0
Compr estos con la esperanza de que mis auriculares Bluetooth se adaptaran mejor, pero esto hizo que fuera imposible usarlos.	0
Treo y T-Mobile se negaron a reemplazarlo nuevamente y me obligaron a comprar otro telfono sin ningn tipo de descuento de actualizacin.	0
Fue horrible!.	0
No creo que lo sujete demasiado bien en su cinturn.	0
Esto permite la posibilidad de una doble reserva para la misma fecha y hora despus de la primera.	0
Trabajan alrededor de 2 semanas y luego descansan.	0
Es simple de usar y me gusta.	1
Es una gran herramienta para el entretenimiento, la comunicacin y la administracin de datos. Oh, asegrese de usar ActiveSync 4.2 para obtener resultados ptimos de sincronizacin de datos!	1
No puedo usar este caso porque el olor es desagradable.	0
NO LO QUE QUERA.	0
Soy dueo de 2 de estos casos y ordenara otro.	1
Gran telfono.	1
Compr esta batera con un cupn de Amazon y estoy muy contento con mi compra.	1
El acceso a Internet estaba bien, es el raro caso de que funcionara.	0
Perfecto para la PS3.	1
Cinco estrellas Plus, plus.	1
Una ganga de buena calidad. Compr esto despus de comprar un barato de Big Lots que sonaba horrible y la gente del otro lado no poda escucharme.	1
$ 50 por el desage.	0
Trat de hablar muy alto, pero los gritos en el telfono envejecen y todava me dijeron que no era genial.	0
Bien, funciona bien.	1
Por el precio, fue una gran oferta.	1
Gran precio, tambin!	1
Si hay viento, es completamente intil.	0
S, es brillante en la parte frontal, y me encanta!	1
No funciona.	0
Al principio pens que estaba obteniendo un buen trato a $ 7.44, hasta que lo enchuf a mi telfono (V3c Razr).	0
La recepcin a travs de este auricular es excelente.	1
2 aprobado a este vendedor	1
Tengo un telfono Verizon LG y funcionan bien juntos, buena recepcin y alcance que supera los 20 pies de lnea de visin.	1
Descripcin incorrecta ... Tuve que devolverlo.	0
# 1 funciona - # 2 es cmodo.	1
La vida til de la batera es bastante larga.	1
Los Jabra EarGels se ajustan muy bien a mis odos.	1
La batera no tiene vida.	0
Lo revis en todas partes y no hay ninguna caracterstica que sea realmente decepcionante.	0
El producto es exactamente como se describe.	1
Recibe una seal cuando otros telfonos de Verizon no lo harn.	1
No hace el trabajo.	0
Yo lo recomendara.	1
Planee ordenar de ellos una y otra vez.	1
Dicho esto, para un telfono, la cmara es muy bonita; muchos efectos geniales para jugar, y el video tambin es decente.	1
He estado muy satisfecho con este telfono celular desde el primer da.	1
Siguen mejorando (esta es la tercera y tambin he tenido numerosas palmas).	1
Incmodo de usar y poco confiable.	0
El tiempo de envo tambin fue muy rpido!	1
No tan bueno como esperaba.	0
Buen caso!	1
No funciona	0
Muy buen producto.	1
Desafortunadamente, no funcion.	0
Los tres se rompieron dentro de los dos meses de uso.	0
no lo compre	0
Mi padre tiene el V265 y la batera se est agotando.	0
Sin embargo, las almohadillas se quitan fcilmente y despus de solo una semana perd una.	0
Las llamadas caen, el telfono se enciende y apaga a voluntad, la pantalla se apaga y lo peor de todo deja de sonar de manera intermitente.	0
Horrible, protector horrible.	0
Tampoco me gusta este Nokia.	0
Llegar a la fila inferior es incmodo, y las teclas de envo y finalizacin no estn donde espero que estn.	0
Compr este telfono celular Nokia hace unas semanas y fue una pesadilla.	0
Me llevara demasiado tiempo describir lo mala que ha sido mi experiencia de servicio al cliente con Amazon.	0
Lo nico MUY decepcionante fue que NO HABA ALTAVOZ!	0
Terrible ... Mi auto no aceptar este cassette.	0
El producto es intil, ya que no tiene suficiente corriente de carga para cargar los 2 telfonos celulares con los que estaba planeando usarlo.	0
No es lo que dice que es.	0
Mantngase alejado de la Q !.	0
Usado y sucio.	0
Servicio muy poco confiable de T-mobile!	0
No es lo suficientemente bueno por el precio.	0
Compr dos de ellos y ninguno cobrar.	0
Se ve muy bien.	1
Esta es una herramienta excelente, especialmente cuando se combina con la respuesta automtica de su telfono.	1
He ledo las reseas de otros aqu, pero no he tenido ningn problema.	1
Estos productos cubren el importante sensor de luz sobre la salida del odo.	0
Cmodo en mi mano.	1
Simplemente no funciona.	0
Poca confiabilidad.	0
(Funciona!)	1
Si tomo una foto, la batera deja caer una barra y comienza a sonar, hacindome saber que se est agotando.	0
Producto terrible y prdida de dinero!	0
La ltima vez que te compre.	0
Fue un desperdicio de mi dinero.	0
Hasta ahora ha funcionado a las mil maravillas.	1
Solo la he tenido por unas pocas semanas, pero hasta ahora, muy bien.	1
Pero, en cualquier caso, la mejor parte es que puede descargar estas imgenes a su computadora porttil mediante IR, o incluso enviar imgenes desde su computadora porttil al telfono.	1
Recomendara este artculo	1
Ha sido mi auricular preferido por aos. Gran sonido; buen volumen Buena cancelacin de ruido.	1
Bonito caso, se siente bien en tus manos.	1
El artculo recibido fue falsificado.	0
Simplemente muy bueno ... Hasta ahora, probablemente el mejor auricular BT que he tenido.	1
Funciona bien.	1
Recib mi auricular a tiempo y qued satisfecho con l.	1
Estaba muy contento de ver que poda reemplazar mi funda giratoria bien transitada por mi tapa de Blackberry.	1
Mi hermana tambin tiene uno y le encanta.	1
Buena calidad.	1
Esta es, con mucho, la peor compra que he hecho en Amazon.	0
Excelente auricular de doble propsito.	1
Excelente!.	1
No funciona para escuchar msica con el 8125 cingular.	0
Parece completamente seguro, agarrndome del cinturn y manteniendo el iPhone dentro.	1
La lnea bottowm ... otro truco intil y barato de Sprint.	0
Tener problemas con el volumen.	0
Lo nico bueno es que se adapta cmodamente a orejas pequeas.	1
ADVERTENCIA - NO COMPRE!	0
Estoy emparejando esto con mi iphone, y hasta ahora no podra estar ms feliz con l.	1
Cuando se abre, la conexin de la batera se rompe y el dispositivo se apaga.	0
No quera que el clip pasara por encima de mi oreja, causando molestias.	0
El mejor auricular de todos los tiempos!	1
No confes en su sitio web y no esperes ningn soporte til.	0
Era tan ruidoso. Me alegra decir que el Plantronics 510 mantiene una conexin perfecta con mi celular y sin esttica durante el uso normal.	1
El altavoz es de baja calidad, por lo que los tonos de llamada suenan muy baratos.	0
Se adapta cmodamente, viene con tres tamaos de puntas de auriculares.	1
Excelente producto por el precio.	1
Mala recepcin.	0
Este producto es una MIERDA china de muy alta calidad!	0
Era bastante cmodo en el odo.	1
Gran telefono.	1
No compre este producto, falla!	0
Todo acerca de este producto est mal. Primero	0
El emparejamiento de los dos dispositivos fue tan fcil que apenas tard un par de minutos en comenzar a hacer llamadas con la funcin de marcacin por voz.	1
Esto fue completamente confuso al principio, lo que me hizo perder un par de contactos muy, muy importantes.	0
Terrible soporte para telfono.	0
Los recortes y botones se colocan perfectamente.	1
Me encanta poder usar un auricular para telfono fijo y celular.	1
El problema es que las orejeras estn hechas de material dbil y se rompen fcilmente.	0
No es tan guapo como la imagen de AMAZON lo hace ver.	0
Pero a pesar de estos pocos defectos, este caso es de una calidad excepcional y vale la pena los costos adicionales de poseer un producto OEM oficial.	1
Qu tan estpido es eso?	0
Puedo escuchar mientras conduzco en el automvil, y por lo general ni siquiera tengo que ponerlo en su configuracin ms ruidosa.	1
Vendedor enviado rpidamente y mucho ms barato que los competidores.	1
Buen espectculo, Samsung.	1
As que compr unos 10 de estos y ahorr mucho dinero.	1
Siempre se corta y emite un pitido y luego dice que la seal ha fallado.	0
No pude resolverlo	0
Mi telfono sonaba bien (no genial, bien), pero el telfono de mi esposa era casi totalmente ininteligible, no poda entender ni una palabra.	0
As que tuve que sacar la batera del telfono y volver a armarla.	0
Si bien logr doblar el resorte de lminas en su lugar, el metal ahora tiene suficiente tensin que se romper en la prxima gota.	0
El estampado leopardo es maravillosamente salvaje!	1
Funciona para mi.	1
Saggy, flojo pedazo de basura.	0
mucho mejor que las cajas de plstico duro.	1
Tambin tuvo un nuevo problema.	0
Feliz hasta ahora!	1
telfono genial	1
Funciona bien	1
Motorola finalmente obtuvo la calidad de voz de un auricular bluetooth correcto.	1
Pierde la conexin con el telfono incluso cuando est a un par de pies entre los dos.	0
pero es genial, realmente lo recomendara	1
Hace que sea ms fcil mantenerse al da con mi bluetooth cuando no lo estoy usando.	0
Como dije anteriormente ... BASTANTE INTIL!	0
Nunca lo consegu!	0
Este par de auriculares es el peor que he tenido en cuanto a sonido.	0
[...] por el desage debido a un chasquido dbil!	0
No carga el telfono Cingular (ATT) 8525.	0
Obtiene minutos adicionales para poder realizar la llamada y no quedar interrumpido &quot;.	1
Sin embargo, despus de aproximadamente un ao, el fliptop comenz a aflojarse y tambalearse y, finalmente, mi pantalla se oscureci y no pude recibir ni hacer llamadas.	0
Segu atrapando el cable en el asiento y tuve que sacar el telfono para apagarlo.	0
El auricular cumple con mis requisitos, as que estoy contento con mi compra.	1
Logitech Bluetooth Headset es un 10 !.	1
Me gusta el hecho de que se apoya ligeramente en la oreja, en lugar de adentro.	1
Muchos sitios web han calificado este muy buen telfono y yo tambin.	1
He probado estos cables con mi computadora y mi iPod y funciona bien.	1
El micrfono hay una broma, y el volumen es bastante bajo.	0
Los estoy devolviendo.	0
No mantengo una conexin con la computadora mientras est en mi regazo.	0
Es fcil de encender y apagar cuando est en el automvil y los controles de volumen son bastante accesibles.	1
He tenido el mo durante aproximadamente un ao y esta Navidad compr algunos para el resto de la familia.	1
De lo contrario, fcil de instalar y usar, sonido claro.	1
bonito cuero	1
Tuve que comprar una caja diferente.	0
Es un placer usarlo.	1
Muy decepcionado con esta empresa.	0
Muy satisfecho con eso.	1
No me cobr nada.	0
Este es el telfono para 2005 ... Acabo de comprar mi S710a y todo lo que puedo decir es GUAU!	1
Los botones son muy pequeos.	0
Solo leer las especificaciones solo te hace decir WOW.	1
Me encanta .. Gran brazalete.	1
Realmente me gusta este producto sobre Motorola porque es mucho ms claro en el auricular y el micrfono.	1
Sin embargo, los teclados son tan pequeos que a veces llego a los botones equivocados.	0
Cambi el Sony Ericson Z500a por esto y estoy bastante contento con esa decisin.	1
Estaba muy impresionado con el precio de los casos.	1
Tambin hace que sea ms fcil aferrarse a l.	1
Utilizo este producto en un centro de control de motores donde hay mucho zumbido de alto voltaje del equipo, y funciona muy bien!	1
Es muy facil.	1
No puedo hacer llamadas en ciertos lugares.	0
Sin embargo, mi nia se quejaba de que en algn momento el telfono no se despierta como lo hace el telfono normal.	0
Hermoso estilo sin embargo.	1
Esta compaa me cobra una tarifa de reposicin y todava no me devolvi el reembolso.	0
Estoy tratando de devolverlo para obtener un reembolso.	0
Lo enchuf solo para descubrir que nada funcionaba.	0
Producto excelente.	1
La pieza del auricular se rompe fcilmente.	0
Producto psimo.	0
Este telfono se esfuerza mucho por hacer todo, pero falla por su capacidad de ser un telfono.	0
Es el mejor cargador que he visto en el mercado hasta ahora.	1
EL TELFONO MS DULCE!	1
:-) Oh, el cargador parece funcionar bien.	1
Se ajusta de manera tan segura que ni siquiera es necesario utilizar el gancho para la oreja y el sonido se dirige mejor a travs del canal auditivo.	1
No hay suficiente volumen.	0
Problema de eco ... Muy insatisfactorio	0
solo podas tomar 2 videos a la vez y la calidad era muy pobre.	0
No malgastes tu dinero.	0
Voy a tener que ser el primero en evaluar negativamente este producto.	0
El adaptador no proporciona suficiente corriente de carga.	0
Haba tanto entusiasmo por este telfono que supuse que era el mejor, mi error.	0
Tampoco puede tomar fotos con l en el caso porque el lente est cubierto.	0
El telfono se cae fcilmente.	0
No funcion, la gente no puede orme cuando hablo.	0
La funcin de mensajes de texto es realmente difcil de usar.	0
Estoy realmente decepcionado, todo lo que tengo ahora es un cargador que no funciona.	0
Doloroso en la oreja.	0
Dur un da y luego explot.	0
decepcionado.	0
Tipo de fracasos.	0
La pantalla se mancha fcilmente porque toca la oreja y la cara.	0
Qu basura ... Perd ms llamadas en este telfono.	0
El artculo no coincide con la imagen.	0
Lo nico que me decepciona es el puerto infrarrojo (irda).	0
No puede contestar llamadas con la unidad, nunca trabaj una vez!	0
Una pelcula muy, muy lenta y sin rumbo sobre un joven angustiado y a la deriva.	0
No estoy seguro de quin estaba ms perdido: los personajes chatos o la audiencia, casi la mitad de los cuales se fueron.	0
Intentando ser ingeniosa con ngulos de cmara en blanco y negro e inteligentes, la pelcula decepcion, se volvi an ms ridcula, ya que la actuacin fue pobre y la trama y las lneas casi inexistentes.	0
Muy poca msica o algo de qu hablar.	0
La mejor escena de la pelcula fue cuando Gerardo est tratando de encontrar una cancin que se le pase por la cabeza.	1
El resto de la pelcula carece de arte, encanto, significado ... Si se trata de vaco, funciona, supongo porque est vaco.	0
Perdido dos horas.	0
Vi la pelcula hoy y pens que era un buen esfuerzo, buenos mensajes para los nios.	1
Un poco predecible	0
Me encant el casting de Jimmy Buffet como profesor de ciencias.	1
Y esos bhos eran adorables.	1
La pelcula mostr mucho de Florida en su mejor momento, lo hizo parecer muy atractivo.	1
Las canciones fueron las mejores y los Muppets fueron tan divertidos.	1
Fue tan genial.	1
Esta es una pelcula muy &quot;justo en el caso&quot; que ofrece casi todo en su cara.	1
Tuvo un promedio de actuacin de la persona principal, y fue un presupuesto bajo como se puede ver claramente.	0
Esta crtica est muy atrasada, ya que considero que A Tale of Two Sisters es la mejor pelcula de la historia.	1
Pondr esta gema contra cualquier pelcula en trminos de guin, cinematografa, actuacin, postproduccin, edicin, direccin o cualquier otro aspecto de la realizacin de pelculas.	1
Es prcticamente perfecto en todos ellos: una verdadera obra maestra en un mar de falsas &quot;obras maestras&quot;.	1
&quot;La estructura de esta pelcula es fcilmente la ms estrechamente construida en la historia del cine.	1
No puedo pensar en ninguna otra pelcula en la que ocurra algo de vital importancia cada dos minutos.	1
En otras palabras, el nivel de contenido de esta pelcula es suficiente para llenar fcilmente una docena de otras pelculas.	1
Cmo puede alguien en su sano juicio pedir algo ms de una pelcula que esto?	1
Es simplemente la forma ms alta y ms superlativa de cine imaginable.	1
S, esta pelcula requiere una cantidad bastante significativa de resolucin de rompecabezas, pero las piezas se unen para crear una imagen hermosa.	1
Este cortometraje ciertamente no tira golpes.	0
Los grficos estn lejos de ser la mejor parte del juego.	0
Este es el mejor juego TH de la serie.	1
Se merece un fuerte amor.	1
Es un juego loco.	1
Hay niveles masivos, personajes desbloqueables masivos ... es solo un juego masivo.	1
Gasta tu dinero en este juego.	1
Este es el tipo de dinero que se desperdicia adecuadamente.	1
En realidad, los grficos eran buenos en ese momento.	1
Hoy los grficos son basura.	0
Como dicen en Canad, este es el juego divertido, s.	1
Este juego es genial.	1
Cmpralo, juega, disfrtalo, malo.	1
Es PURO BRILLO.	1
Esta fue una pelcula condenada desde su concepcin.	0
La idea misma era poco convincente: tomar un personaje secundario de una pelcula PG-13 mediocre y hacer una secuela completa mientras cambia su tono a una pelcula familiar con clasificacin PG.	0
No me interesaba lo ms mnimo.	0
No solo confirm que la pelcula sera divertida y genrica, sino que tambin logr regalar TODA la pelcula; y no exagero: cada momento, cada punto de la trama, cada broma se cuenta en el trailer.	0
Pero simplemente no es gracioso.	0
Pero incluso el talentoso Carrell no puede salvar esto.	0
A sus compaeros de reparto no les va mucho mejor, con personas como Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill y Ed Helms simplemente desperdiciados.	0
La historia en s es predecible y perezosa.	0
El nico trabajo de efectos reales es la presencia de todos los animales, y la integracin de esos en las escenas es uno de los peores y ms obvios trabajos de pantalla azul / verde que he visto.	0
Pero lo que sea que les cost tanto, no se tradujo en calidad, eso es seguro.	0
La pelcula tiene xito a pesar de, o quizs debido a, un presupuesto obviamente escaso.	1
Me alegro de que la pelcula no haya sido la opcin ms obvia, como ciertamente hubiera sido una pelcula menor.	1
Adems de tener una de las canciones ms encantadoras jams escritas, French Cancan tambin cuenta con una de las damas ms lindas que jams haya aparecido en la pantalla.	1
Es difcil no enamorarse perdidamente de esa chica.	1
En lo negativo, es lo suficientemente inspido como para causar arrepentimiento por otras 2 horas de vida desperdiciadas frente a la pantalla.	0
Largo, llorn y sin sentido.	0
Pero recomiendo esperar a sus esfuerzos futuros, deje ir este.	0
Excelente reparto, argumento, actuaciones.	1
Totalmente creble	1
Anne Heche fue completamente convincente.	1
La interpretacin de Sam Shepard de un entusiasta Marine fue aleccionadora.	1
Me sent clavado en la pantalla del televisor.	1
En general, le doy a este un rotundo 9 de 10.	1
Creo que Tom Hanks es un buen actor.	1
Disfrut leyendo este libro a mis hijos cuando eran pequeos.	1
Estaba muy decepcionado con la pelcula.	0
Un personaje es totalmente molesto con una voz que me da la sensacin de las uas en una pizarra.	0
Hay una escena de tren / montaa rusa totalmente innecesaria.	0
No haba absolutamente ninguna calidez o encanto en estas escenas o personajes.	0
Esta pelcula me irrita totalmente.	0
Las actuaciones no mejoran con la improvisacin, porque los actores ahora tienen el doble de qu preocuparse: no solo si estn entregando bien la lnea, sino si la lnea en s es buena.	0
Y, sinceramente, a menudo no es muy bueno.	0
A menudo, el dilogo no sigue realmente de una lnea a otra, ni se ajusta al entorno.	0
Cruje con una energa juvenil e impredecible, pero, sinceramente, me result difcil seguirlo y concentrarme en l serpentea muy mal.	0
Hay algunas cosas geniales en general.	1
Sin embargo, no dira que valen 2 horas de tu tiempo.	0
Los constructores de suspenso fueron buenos, y simplemente cruzan la lnea de G a PG.	1
Me gustaron especialmente las opciones no clich con los padres; en otras pelculas, podra predecir el dilogo literalmente, pero la escritura en esta pelcula hizo mejores selecciones.	1
Si quieres una pelcula que no sea asquerosa pero que te d escalofros, esta es una gran opcin.	1
Alexander Nevsky es una gran pelcula.	1
Es un artista de cine increble, uno de los ms importantes que haya vivido.	1
Me alegro de que esta pieza pretenciosa de mierda no haya hecho lo planeado por el Dodge stratus Big Shots ... Ayudar a los cineastas que no estn en el &quot;negocio del cine&quot; muy restringido de Qubec.	0
Esta es la primera pelcula a la que le he dado un 10 en aos.	1
Si alguna vez hubo una pelcula que necesitaba el boca a boca para promocionar, esta es la oportunidad.	1
En general, la pelcula es interesante y estimulante.	1
Adems, tena un buen ritmo y se adaptaba a su tiempo de ejecucin relativamente corto.	1
Dale una mirada a este.	1
Le di un 10	1
The Wind and the Lion est bien escrito y tiene una actuacin excelente.	1
Es un verdadero clsico.	1
En realidad, result ser bastante decente en lo que respecta a las pelculas de terror / suspenso de la lista B.	1
Definitivamente vale la pena echarle un vistazo.	1
El problema fue el guin.	0
Fue horrendo.	0
No haba nada creble al respecto.	0
El nico suspenso que senta era la frustracin por lo retardadas que eran las chicas.	0
MANNA FROM HEAVEN es una pelcula excelente que es predecible e impredecible al mismo tiempo.	1
Las escenas a menudo son divertidas y ocasionalmente conmovedoras cuando los personajes evalan sus vidas y hacia dnde van.	1
El elenco de actores veteranos es ms que un simple viaje de nostalgia.	1
La representacin de Ursula Burton de la monja es conmovedora y divertida al mismo tiempo sin burlarse de las monjas o la iglesia.	1
Si est buscando una pelcula con un elenco fantstico, buena msica (incluida una versin de Shirley Jones de &quot;The Way You Look Tonight&quot;) y un final alentador, intntelo.	1
No creo que te decepciones.	1
Francamente, despus de Cotton club e Unfaithful, fue un poco vergonzoso ver a Lane y Gere en esta pelcula, porque es MALO.	0
La actuacin fue mala, los dilogos fueron extremadamente superficiales y poco sinceros.	0
Era demasiado predecible, incluso para una pelcula de chicas.	0
Demasiado polticamente correcto.	0
Muy decepcionante.	0
Lo nico que realmente vali la pena ver fue el paisaje y la casa, porque es hermosa.	1
Amo a Lane, pero nunca la he visto en una pelcula tan horrible.	0
Una hora y media deseara poder traer de vuelta.	0
Pero en trminos de escritura es muy fresca y audaz.	1
La actuacin ayuda a la escritura muy bien (tal vez la hermana idiota sabia podra haber jugado mejor), y es una verdadera alegra verla.	1
La direccin y la cinematografa no son tan buenas.	0
La pelcula era tan aburrida que a veces me encontraba ocupada mirando en el peridico en lugar de mirarla (nunca antes haba sucedido durante una pelcula de Columbo!	0
), y a veces era tan vergonzoso que tuve que mirar hacia otro lado.	0
La direccin parece demasiado pretenciosa.	0
Las escenas con la &quot;vecina tan madura&quot; son un lugar equivocado.	0
Y, en general, las lneas y la trama son ms dbiles que el episodio promedio.	0
La escena en la que debatieron si despedir o no al trompetista (que fue acusado falsamente por el asesinato) es puro horror, realmente estpido.	0
Sin embargo, se deben dar algunos aplausos al &quot;preludio&quot;.	1
Realmente me gust eso.	1
Una gran pelcula de un gran director.	1
La pelcula lo tena al borde de su asiento y le daba un poco de miedo ir a su automvil al final de la noche.	1
La msica en la pelcula tambin es muy bonita.	1
Aconsejara a cualquiera que vaya a verlo.	1
Brillante!	1
10/10	1
Esta pelcula me gust demasiado.	1
Mi nico problema es que pens que el actor que interpretaba al villano era Michael Ironside.	0
Sacudi mi mundo y es sin duda una visita obligada para cualquiera que no tenga salidas sociales o fsicas.	1
Sin embargo, esto no compensa el hecho de que, en general, esta fue una pelcula tremendamente aburrida.	0
NO haba qumica entre Ben Affleck y Sandra Bullock en esta pelcula, y no poda entender por qu considerara incluso dejar a su futura esposa por esta chica que supuestamente fue noqueado.	0
Hubo varios momentos en la pelcula que simplemente no necesitaban estar all y eran extremadamente lentos.	0
Esta fue una nueva versin pobre de &quot;My Best Friends Wedding&quot;.	0
En general, una gran decepcin.	0
No puedo creer que los actores hayan aceptado hacer esta &quot;pelcula&quot;.	0
No poda soportar verlo por mucho tiempo por miedo a perder el coeficiente intelectual	0
Supongo que nadie en la red que transmiti este regate lo vio antes de ponerlo.	0
Las calificaciones de IMDB solo bajan a 1 por horrible, es hora de obtener algunos nmeros negativos all para casos como estos.	0
Vi &quot;Mirrormask&quot; anoche y fue una experiencia insatisfactoria.	0
Desafortunadamente, la inexperiencia de direccin significaba que la escena tras escena pasaba con poca tensin o conflicto dramtico.	0
Estos son los temas centrales de la pelcula y se manejan de manera inepta, estereotpica y sin profundidad de imaginacin.	0
Todas las imgenes bonitas del mundo no pueden compensar un trabajo que es defectuoso en el ncleo.	0
Es una hora y media de prdida de tiempo, despus de que un montn de estudiantes de secundaria muy lindos se quejen y lloren por la vida.	0
No puedes relacionarte con ellos, demonios, apenas puedes entenderlos.	0
Este es definitivamente un clsico de culto que vale la pena ver y compartir con otros.	1
Esta pelcula es un desastre puro, la historia es estpida y la edicin es lo peor que he visto, te confunde increblemente.	0
El pez est mal hecho y algunas de sus tomas bajo el agua se repiten mil veces en la pelcula.	0
Una pelcula realmente, realmente mala.	0
La actuacin es terrible, y la escritura es peor.	0
La nica forma posible de canjear esta pelcula sera como forraje MST3K.	0
Pagu demasiado	0
Adems, es un verdadero placer ver a Anthony Quinn interpretando a Crazy Horse.	1
Era tan aburrido!	0
No hay trama en absoluto!	0
De nuevo, no hay trama en absoluto.	0
Horrible!	0
La peor hora y media de mi vida! Dios mo!	0
Tuve que salir del teatro unos minutos para sentir alivio!	0
Odio las pelculas as.	0
S, la pelcula apestaba bastante.	0
NO HAY PARCELA O HISTORIA!	0
Si vas a ver esta pelcula, trae una almohada o una novia / novio para mantenerte ocupado durante todo el tiempo.	0
Horrible.	0
Creo que nunca he ido al cine y no me ha gustado tanto.	0
Fue bueno que las entradas solo costaran cinco dlares porque me enojara si hubiera pagado $ 7.50 por ver esta basura.	0
NADIE se identifica con estos personajes porque son todos recortes de cartn y estereotipos (o previsiblemente estereotipos inversos).	0
Esta es una mala pelcula, con una mala escritura y buenos actores ... una caricatura fea creada por Paul Haggis para personas que no pueden manejar nada ms que los trazos audaces en la narracin ... una imagen pintada con lpices de colores.	0
Crash es una nada deprimente, que provoca emocin, pero no te ensea nada si ya sabes que el racismo y los prejuicios son cosas malas.	0
An as, me gusta esta pelcula por su empoderamiento de las mujeres; No hay suficientes pelculas como esta.	1
Su cerebro intentar apagarse como parte de un impulso primario de autoconservacin.	0
Me qued destrozado por la experiencia de ver esta &#39;pelcula&#39; y tard unas buenas dos horas en recuperarme por completo.	0
Esta pelcula ahora se une a Revenge of the Boogeyman y Zombiez como parte de la trinidad infernal de las pelculas de terror.	0
Ciertamente no me refiero a esta distincin en el buen sentido.	0
Me refiero a esto de una manera terrible.	0
Esta pelcula no tiene caractersticas redentoras.	0
Todo es atroz.	0
El trabajo de cmara sin arte nos presenta sin cesar el entorno ms feo que se pueda imaginar, es decir	0
La historia es ms que estpida.	0
El guin es ... haba un guin?	0
Los nios son molestos.	0
El lder no tiene carisma.	0
Totalmente sin mrito en ningn nivel, esto es similar a la tortura.	0
Incluso lo dir de nuevo: esto es tortura.	0
Tal vez habra una explicacin razonable para esta atrocidad.	0
No es un viaje agradable de autodescubrimiento.	0
Altamente no recomendado.	0
Si esta premisa suena estpida, es porque lo es.	0
S, es tan malo.	0
Nada en absoluto para recomendar.	0
Una excelente actuacin de la Sra.	1
Garbo, quien demostr desde el principio que sus talentos podan trasladarse desde la era silenciosa (quera ver parte de su trabajo silencioso, pero Netflix no parece estar almacenndolos.	1
Tambin es genial ver que la reconocida guionista silenciosa Frances Marion no se ha perdido un paso para pasar del silencio al sonido.	1
Esta pelcula sufri debido a la escritura, necesitaba ms suspenso.	0
Haba demasiados primeros planos.	0
Pero aparte de eso, la pelcula pareca arrastrarse y los hroes realmente no trabajaban por su libertad.	0
Pero esta pelcula es definitivamente un alquiler por debajo del promedio.	0
&quot;Te va a encantar!	1
Esta pelcula es MALA.	0
Muy malo.	0
La pelcula es demasiado larga.	0
Este es definitivamente uno de los malos.	0
La pelcula que recib fue una pelcula de gran calidad para su edad.	1
John Wayne hizo un trabajo increble por ser tan joven en la industria del cine.	1
Su presencia en la pantalla brill el pensamiento a pesar de que haba otros actores principales en la pantalla con l.	1
Creo que es imprescindible ver una pelcula ms antigua de John Wayne.	1
Realmente no veo cmo alguien podra disfrutar esta pelcula.	0
No creo haber visto una pelcula tan aburrida como esta basura autocomplaciente.	0
Probablemente hubiera sido mejor si el director no hubiera pasado la mayor parte de la pelcula exhibiendo su propio trabajo de arte, lo que realmente no es tan notable.	0
Otra cosa que realmente no me gust es que cuando un personaje recibe un puetazo en la cara, un galn de sangre brotara poco despus.	0
Jamie Foxx es absolutamente Ray Charles.	1
Su actuacin es simplemente genial.	1
Es dueo de la pelcula, al igual que Spacek era propietaria de &quot;Coal Miner&#39;s Daughter&quot; y Quaid era dueo de &quot;Great Balls of Fire&quot;.	1
&quot;De hecho, es difcil recordar que la parte de Ray Charles est siendo actuada y no interpretada por el hombre mismo.	1
Ray Charles es legendario.	1
La vida de Ray Charles proporcion un excelente material biogrfico para la pelcula, que va mucho ms all de ser solo otra pelcula sobre un msico.	1
Hitchcock es un gran director.	1
Irnicamente, la mayora de sus pelculas me parecen una prdida total de tiempo.	0
En segundo lugar, Hitchcock perfeccion bastante la pelcula de suspenso y persecucin.	1
Es esta complacencia al pblico lo que sabotea la mayora de sus pelculas.	0
Por lo tanto, toda la historia carece de cierta energa.	0
La trama simplemente retumba como una mquina, dependiendo desesperadamente de la adicin de nuevas escenas.	0
Existen los defectos lgicos habituales de Hitchcock.	0
Mishima es extremadamente poco interesante.	0
Esta es una pelcula fra y poco notable sobre un autor que vive / trabaja en una cultura fra y abstrusa.	0
Las recreaciones planas no atraen su atencin porque son emocionalmente a la deriva y escalofriantes.	0
Y el resto simplemente se sienta all siendo horrible ... con soldados cantando canciones sobre la masculinidad a la que se comprometen, desgarradores sobre la pureza, la admiracin de las espadas, etc.	0
l puede aburrirte en pedazos y matar el impulso de una pelcula, ms rpido que nadie.	0
Schrader ha hecho un currculum lleno de psimas pelculas de aficionados.	0
Cuando vi esta pelcula por primera vez, en los aos 80, me encant.	1
Estaba totalmente fascinado por la msica, el baile ... todo.	1
Sin embargo, recientemente volv a verlo todo en DVD, y me sorprendi completamente lo extremadamente estpida que era la historia, cmo contena agujeros, inconsistencias y, francamente, mucha basura, y lo horrible que era el baile.	0
Quiero decir, en un mundo realista, NUNCA se habra metido en ese repertorio de ballet ... Todo fue bastante pattico.	0
Los desarrollos de los personajes tambin carecan de profundidad.	0
Woa, habla de horrible.	0
No malgastes tu tiempo.	0
Fue demasiado horrible.	0
El peor y ms sagrado dilogo ... podra seguir y seguir.	0
Pero lo que realmente lo hizo imposible de ver fue la direccin.	0
Los pobres actores.	0
Ni siquiera se puede saber si tienen algn talento porque no solo tienen lneas patticas para hablar, sino que el director no les hizo nada.	0
Si revisas la filmografa del director en este sitio, vers por qu esta pelcula no tuvo oportunidad.	0
Esto ni siquiera sera bueno como una pelcula hecha para televisin.	0
Si las buenas intenciones hicieron una gran pelcula, entonces esta pelcula podra ser una de las mejores pelculas que se hayan hecho.	1
La pelcula tiene grandes actores, un director maestro, un tema significativo, al menos un tema significativo, con un trasfondo de cincuentenos de existencia mundial, escenas areas que deberan haber emocionado tanto los sentidos como la imaginacin, y personajes sobre los que uno podra Profundamente cuidado.	1
Lamentablemente, la pelcula falla.	0
La pelcula carece de inters visual, drama, expresin de sentimientos y celebracin del patriotismo que subraya la narrativa.	0
Ninguna actriz ha sido peor utilizada que June Allison en esta pelcula.	0
Sin embargo, disfruto vindolo.	1
Desafortunadamente, esta es una mala pelcula que es simplemente mala.	0
Mal guin, mala direccin y una actuacin horrible hacen que este sea simplemente malo!	0
El dilogo apestaba.	0
La cinematografa, si se le puede llamar as, apestaba.	0
La banda sonora apestaba.	0
La actuacin apestaba.	0
Las secuencias del concierto simplemente apestaron.	0
Eso estuvo bien.	1
Eso fue divertido.	1
Fue tan gracioso.	1
En general, esta pelcula fue basura barata.	0
Pero esta pelcula no es divertida, considerando lo ridculo que es.	0
Sal sintindome enojado.	0
*** SPOILERS *** Cualquier otra cosa que se pueda (o no se pueda decir) al respecto, SURFACE est excelentemente diseada.	1
La cinematografa es simplemente impresionante (por decir lo menos) y los efectos son nada ms que lo ltimo.	1
Conceptualmente, el programa ofrece un poco de todo, y para casi todos (padres, hijos, fanticos de la fantasa y / o fx).	1
Y tampoco haba una sola nota amarga que actuara sabiamente; algo de fundicin sorprendentemente slida, aqu.	1
A fin de cuentas, un trabajo muy bien hecho.	1
Gracias a Dios, una pelcula como esta fue hecha y lanzada.	1
Una de las mejores pelculas mexicanas de la historia!, Y una de las menos entendidas, incluso por los mismos mexicanos, sin importar cun identificados se hayan sentido con ella.	1
Se clasifica altamente como un gran drama de crimen negro, actuaciones increbles de Belmondo y Lino Ventura.	1
La atencin prestada a cada personaje, y las representaciones psicolgicas complejas, que detallan lealtad, traicin, amor y esperanza, son tremendas.	1
Es un excelente drama, un excelente thriller y una excelente pelcula.	1
All arriba con lo mejor de Melville.	1
Todo sobre esta pelcula es simplemente increble.	1
Realmente haces este viaje a travs de los ojos y el alma de un nio.	1
BLACK WATER es un thriller que logra trascender por completo sus limitaciones (es una pelcula independiente) al subvertir continuamente las expectativas para emerger como una experiencia intensa.	1
Las actuaciones son reales y apasionantes, el cocodrilo est muy bien hecho, de hecho, si se cree que el sitio web de Black Water es porque usaron cocodrilos reales y la ubicacin del pantano es fabulosa.	1
Disfrut muchsimo cuando Christopher Eccleston tom el control de la TARDIS y la continuacin de la serie.	1
No estoy seguro de qu estaba tratando de hacer con esta pelcula.	0
Si fue para convertir mi buen da en una noche de recuerdos inquietantes, supongo que tuvo xito.	0
Hay muchos lugares hermosos.	1
Fue forzado, como todo en esta pelcula.	0
De nuevo, cojo.	0
Aqu es donde la pelcula realmente me fastidi.	0
Y ni siquiera me hagas comenzar con el trabajo desigual de la cmara.	0
Cuando lo vi en el teatro pens que me iba a enfermar.	0
Resumen: Los ingenios no fueron ingeniosos.	0
La trama ... bueno, dije que lo dejara pasar.	0
La actuacin fue mala.	0
Muy mal.	0
Incluso Billy Bob no pudo superar el guin, lo que fue peor.	0
Trabajo de cmara, otra vez, malo.	0
Calificacin: 1 de 10.	0
Un final INCREBLE para posiblemente la MEJOR triloga de todos los tiempos!	1
Kieslowski nunca deja de sorprenderme.	1
Es uno de mis directores favoritos y uno de los directores ms talentosos de la historia del cine.	1
Su uso de los colores de la bandera francesa en las tres pelculas fue increble, cada toma, cada escena fue como una obra de arte.	1
Tres de las pelculas visualmente ms atractivas que he visto.	1
Y sus conexiones sutiles entre las tres pelculas son impresionantes.	1
Tengo que mencionar esto y es un gran SPOILER, me encant el final, cmo todos los personajes de las tres pelculas fueron los sobrevivientes restantes del desastre del ferry, con Valentine y el joven juez juntos, y el viejo mirndolo en ella. TV, solidificando su felicidad por el sufrimiento con el que lidi durante tantos aos.	1
No podra pensar en una mejor manera de terminar la pelcula, sino en una sonrisa en mi rostro, una excelente manera de concluir una pelcula y una triloga increbles!	1
Se lo recomiendo a TODOS los que aman el cine, las pelculas, cualquier cosa ... Una obra de arte!	1
10 de 10 para la pelcula y la triloga.	1
Literalmente vomit mientras vea esta pelcula.	0
Creo que fui una de las personas que encontr esta otra de las perlas de Roth.	1
Su actuacin, tal como fue premiada, fue impresionante.	1
La historia contada tan elocuentemente por Francis Ford Coppola 25 aos antes, realmente se desarrolla gradualmente y deja espacio para que los personajes se desarrollen.	1
En un lugar maravilloso se encuentra una historia de contraste.	1
En resumen, una hermosa pelcula dirigida por Roeg de Nicola con un elenco sublime.	1
Estoy traduciendo pelculas para vivir y esta es la primera pelcula en mi experiencia laboral de 5 aos que encontr ofensiva para mi inteligencia.	0
Pero cuando alguien se esfuerza por la grandeza y la poesa, pero presenta una historia confusa (y a menudo ridcula), un montn de escenas dispares, dilogos pretenciosos ... Entonces obtienes el peor tipo de pelcula que otro crtico defini con mucha precisin como &quot;pretencioso mierda&quot;.	0
Para aquellos que encuentran esta pelcula inteligente o incluso magistral, solo puedo decir: es su inteligencia y su imaginacin que obviamente solan tratar de darle sentido a este lamentable intento (est en nuestra naturaleza humana tratar de darle sentido a las cosas).	0
Una cosa ms: puedo tolerar la incorreccin poltica muy bien, estoy totalmente a favor de la libertad artstica y la suspensin de la incredulidad, pero el personaje femenino eslavo era demasiado.	0
Esta es una pelcula tan divertida y divertida.	1
Muy entretenido en todos los ngulos.	1
Cuenta con una variedad extravagante de nueces memorables, psicticas pero adorables.	1
Entonces, para nuestro disfrute, podemos verlos correr, jugar y ser peligrosos.	1
Incluso tiene sus dulces momentos.	1
El reparador de telfonos fue muy divertido y sus reacciones ante el jefe loco y perverso fueron realmente genuinas.	1
Todos los personajes de esta pelcula estn tremendamente bien interpretados.	1
Y realmente los encontr divertidos.	1
Esta es realmente una pelcula muy inteligente.	1
Hay un brillante giro final.	1
&quot; Me encanta.	1
El final es tan, tan perfecto ... derramars una lgrima.	1
Estoy tan emocionado despus de ver una pelcula como esta.	1
Nunca lo olvidar ahora.	1
No es solo un culto ... es un culto CLSICO.	1
Que tiene ms profundidad y carcter que el hombre debajo de l.	0
La configuracin de Malta es tan seca y rida como el dilogo.	0
Esta pelicula es terrible.	0
Las escenas de hockey son terribles, los defensores juegan como si tuvieran 5 aos, los porteros se zambullen en tiros que miden 10 pies de ancho de la red, etc.	0
Para aquellos que no lo han visto, no pierdan su tiempo!	0
Llamar a esta pelcula un drama es ridculo!	0
Comenc a ver esto pero no crea en ninguno de los personajes.	0
En particular, la relacin entre el asistente de panadera y la camarera simplemente no funcion para m en absoluto.	0
Fue una pelcula muy superficial y me dio la sensacin de que estaba viendo una obra en lugar de una pelcula.	0
Los personajes eran muy &quot;escnicos&quot; y la historia se pareca mucho a una farsa escnica.	0
Cuando el pirmano atac al asistente, estaba aburrido y no me import lo que sucedi despus, as que lo desconect.	0
Me alegro de no haber pagado para verlo.	0
No me re ni sonre ni una vez.	0
Pero no fue nada ms que un gran bostezo ...	0
Es un muy buen espectculo para ver.	1
Es muy educativo para nios de 1 a 8 aos.	1
Barney es definitivamente sper DE duper.	1
es muy gracioso	1
Babie Bop es muy linda.	1
Los nios tambin son geniales.	1
&quot;Pero&quot; Storm Trooper &quot;ni siquiera es lo suficientemente malo como para llegar a la lista de pelculas maravillosamente terribles.	0
Es solo cojo.	0
El tipo que dijo que haba tenido un mejor dilogo con sus plantas en maceta tiene razn.	0
Todo sobre esta pelcula es estpido.	0
Incluso si amas las malas pelculas, no mires esta pelcula.	0
Es vergonzoso	0
Le dara a esta serie de televisin un 10 ms si pudiera.	1
Los escritores estaban &quot;pegados&quot; y creo que los mejores actores y actrices fueron una ventaja para el espectculo. Estos personajes fueron muy reales.	1
Debo decir que he grabado la mayora de los episodios y me encuentro mirndolos una y otra vez.	1
Ahora sabes por qu le di un 10+!	1
No s exactamente de qu se trata esta pelcula, pero nos aferramos a esta pelcula entraable y se ha convertido en una parte especial de los recuerdos de nuestra familia.	1
Recomiendo total y absolutamente esta pelcula a cualquiera a quien le gusten las buenas pelculas familiares sanas porque eso es exactamente lo que es.	1
Las cosas en las que se metieron los cuatro nios es absolutamente divertido de ver.	1
Esta es una de las mejores pelculas que muestra un vnculo de hermanos tan fuerte entre s.	1
Mucho ms interesante, ms accin, ms suspenso y menos controversia innecesaria.	1
Todo, desde la actuacin hasta la cinematografa, fue slido.	1
Definitivamente vale la pena echarle un vistazo.	1
Damian es tan talentoso y verstil en muchas formas de escribir y retratar diferentes personajes en la pantalla.	1
Esta pelcula tiene una vanguardia.	1
Estoy muy contento de saber que existe un genio tan moderno, dejar que la pasin por el arte lo conduzca y llevarnos como audiencia con l.	1
Los nuevos personajes no fueron tan memorables, y me encontr olvidando quin era quin.	0
Sent que ir a Irlanda no hizo absolutamente nada.	0
No me asust, horroriz ni simpatiz con los personajes; fue simplemente molesto.	0
Los movimientos bruscos de la cmara tambin eran molestos.	0
La trama era la misma que casi cualquier otro horror barato.	0
Hubo algunos intentos patticos de darles profundidad a los personajes, pero realmente no funcion en el resto de la trama.	0
Supongo que se supona que era un giro inteligente, luego arroj algo de luz sobre la situacin, pero fue simplemente estpido.	0
Si lo ve, probablemente debera dejarlo en el estante.	0
Elias Koteas, Jack Palance desempean buenos papeles Angelina es sexy y se desnuda. Billy Drago aparece en esto y es genial como siempre + un cameo de Sven ole Thorsen ayuda a hacer de esta una pelcula muy agradable con buena actuacin y un presupuesto decente.	1
Esta fue una pelcula tan increble que la compr en Ebay.	1
Realmente me encant la historia y el oso polar era un poco lindo, pero si alguien tiene una pregunta sobre Fort Steele, solo pregunta :)	1
Esta pelcula totalmente desagradable es tan exagerada, pattica y poco realista que a lo largo de los 90 minutos de tortura total, probablemente mir mi reloj unas 70000 veces!	0
Lucy Bell es mucho ms alta que esta basura y para ella hundirse tan bajo es bastante deprimente.	0
Todo lo que esta pelcula hace es enfermarte viendo a todos estos holgazanes poner excusas por sus estpidas acciones durante 90 minutos.	0
Dios, y nunca puedo recuperar esos 90 minutos!	0
Creo que las partes ms maravillosas (literalmente, llenas de &quot;maravillas&quot;) son los extractos de sus obras.	1
Los sets (especialmente diseados para trabajar con la cmara) son increbles ... estilizados, hermosos y efectivos.	1
Podran usarse como ejemplos para cualquier escengrafo.	1
Las historias fueron exploraciones poderosas de la naturaleza del hombre y del arte.	1
Despus de ver esta pelcula, quera aprender ms sobre las obras de este artista.	1
Recomiendo esta pelcula a cualquier persona interesada en el arte, la poesa, el teatro, la poltica o la historia japonesa.	1
Aqu, en El viento y el len, vemos una representacin maravillosa de la era imperial de Estados Unidos.	1
Lo que hace que esta historia sea diferente son los excelentes valores de produccin: fotografa impecable, composicin y edicin, el fantstico reparto, el poco apreciado Brian Keith interpretando a un matn Teddy, y la vvida historia.	1
Aunque The Wind and the Lion se cuenta en gran parte a travs de los ojos del hijo, cada miembro de la familia puede identificarse con uno de los personajes, ya sea el noble bandolero de Sean Connery, la luchadora herona de Candace Bergen, el astuto John John de John Huston o el de Steve Kanaly. teniente, radiante y despiadado, el &quot;Big Stick&quot; de Roosevelt.	1
Esta es una gran aventura en su mejor momento.	1
Creo que fue la mejor pelcula de Robert Ryans, porque retrat a alguien como mi padre, y era un esquizofrnico en la vida real, (mi padre) aunque nunca asesin a nadie, pero se vio afectado ms durante la segunda guerra mundial que lo hizo peor.	1
Tener que seguirle el humor para pasar el da era muy adecuado.	1
(Mi madre y mi hermano tuvieron que hacer esto) Cuando vi a Robert Ryan retratar a este tipo de hombre, fue una muy buena imitacin de este tipo de persona, y me impresion.	1
Casi todas las canciones de Cover Girl son anticuadas y no muy afinadas.	0
Lo ms molesto de &#39;Cover Girl&#39; es la forma en que Rita Hayworth se coloca en un pedestal.	0
Desafortunadamente, &#39;Cover Girl&#39; es un ejemplo de cmo Hollywood sola explotar a las mujeres para obtener ganancias financieras.	0
La narracin no lineal, por lo tanto, muchos flashbacks y cada parte se articulan bastante bien.	1
La buena cinematografa tambin hace que ella y Monica Bellucci se vean muy hermosas.	1
Un buen comentario del amor de hoy y, sin duda, una pelcula que vale la pena ver.	1
Para las personas que son novatas en la realizacin de pelculas, creo que hicieron un excelente trabajo!	1
Fue muy popular cuando estaba en el cine, una buena casa y muy buenas reacciones y muchas risas.	1
Es una pelcula para sentirse bien y as me sent cuando sal del cine!	1
Tiene humor norteo y positivo sobre la comunidad que representa.	1
Lo disfrut bastante.	1
Me gust.	1
No podra tomarlos en serio.	0
Sin embargo, realmente cre una sensacin nica.	1
Vivian Schilling hizo un excelente trabajo con el guin.	1
Un mundo mejor que el 95% de la basura en los teatros de hoy.	1
Su papel se jug bien.	1
No demasiado gritn, no a lo masculino, sino justo.	1
La cmara realmente le gusta en esta pelcula.	1
La habra elegido para ese papel despus de haber preparado el guin.	1
Como europeo, la pelcula es un buen recuerdo de mi tiempo como estudiante en la dcada de 1980 y las experiencias que tuve viviendo en el extranjero e interactuando con otras nacionalidades, aunque las circunstancias fueron ligeramente diferentes.	1
Soy fantico de su ... Esta pelcula apestaba muy mal.	0
Incluso peor que Ticker!	0
Y esa pelcula fue mala.	0
Solo como 3 o 4 edificios usados, un par de ubicaciones PUEDEN, y hummh pobre!	0
Simplemente explot.	0
Esta pelcula es excelente! Angel es hermoso y Scamp es adorable! Sus pequeos gritos cuando est asustado, y las partes ms divertidas son cuando: Scamp queda atrapado debajo de la cortina y cuando Angel y Scamp cantan &#39;Ive Never Had This Feeling Before&#39;. Recomiendo totalmente esta pelcula, que saldr en edicin especial el 20 de junio. La portada tiene un bote de basura y Angel debajo de la tapa.	1
No puedo explicar esta pelcula ms que romntica, encantadora, hilarante y adorable. Las escenas de chatarrera son divertidas, todos los perros de chatarra tienen algo especial. Demasiado gracioso, me re, a los nios les ENCANTAR. Cuando salga, tiene nuevas caractersticas!	1
Ahora fuimos elegidos para ser torturados con esta repugnante propaganda americana descarada.	0
Este espectculo est hecho para estadounidenses: es demasiado estpido y lleno de odio y clichs para ser admitido en otro lugar.	0
Casi todos los involucrados deben regresar a la escuela, la actuacin es absolutamente predecible y mala, el guin es un montn de basura.	0
Me gustara poder ingresar valores negativos, administradores?	0
Los sets son tan malos que no se veran fuera de lugar en un episodio de Thunderbirds.	0
El uso de la cmara lenta se repite innecesariamente a lo largo de la pelcula, pero est bien respaldado por la mala actuacin (y mal es una palabra amable aqu), sin continuidad, escenas que se lanzan sin razn alguna, vehculos que parecan hechos. de una caja de Corn Flakes y un estilo de director que rayaba en la estupidez.	0
Ah s, y la historia tambin fue pattica.	0
Odio escribir malas crticas sobre pelculas, especialmente aquellas en las que realmente me gusta la estrella, pero esta pelcula es tan mala que no creo ni por un segundo que alguien pueda estar orgulloso de ella.	0
No soy cineasta ni director, pero escondera mi cabeza en la arena si hubiera gastado la cantidad de dinero y tiempo en esta pelcula.	0
En resumen, esta fue una prdida monumental de tiempo y energa y no recomendara a nadie que alguna vez vea esta pelcula.	0
Fue gratis con un reproductor de DVD que compr, pero todava lo apagu a la mitad porque estaba avergonzado por Howell.	0
1/10 - y solo porque no hay ajustes para 0/10.	0
Una premisa interesante, y Billy Drago siempre es bueno como un loco loco (nota al margen: me encantara ver a Drago, Stephen McHattie y Lance Hendrikson en una pelcula juntos; habla sobre pmulos furiosos!).	1
La banda sonora tampoco fue terrible.	1
Pero la actuacin, incluso la de profesionales como Drago y Debbie Rochon, fue terrible, la direccin peor (quizs contribuyente a la primera), el dilogo como un chimpanc y el trabajo de la cmara, apenas tolerable.	0
An as, fueron los SETS los que obtuvieron un gran &quot;10&quot; en mi escala &quot;oy-vey&quot;.	1
S, estoy simplificando las cosas aqu en aras de la brevedad, ya que esto realmente es el ncleo de los problemas con esta pelcula: tiene demasiadas cosas sin una explicacin real y satisfactoria.	0
Ambos hacen buenos trabajos y son bastante divertidos.	1
Pero la intrincada trama simplemente no me convenci, y gran parte de la pelcula fue vista con una mirada extraa e inquisitiva.	0
Dej que mi novia me convenciera de ver esto; mala idea, los dos lo odiamos.	0
Los ltimos 15 minutos de pelcula tampoco son malos.	1
Bela Lugosi era totalmente extraa, entonando lneas extraas.	0
La actuacin fue decididamente de madera, aunque no peor que una pelcula de poca de Universal B.	0
Me gusta Armand Assante y el resumen de mi compaa de cable sonaba interesante, as que lo vi dos veces y probablemente lo vuelva a ver.	1
Creo que el guionista hizo un buen trabajo al atar los cabos sueltos.	1
Mi puntaje de 8/10 es principalmente para la trama.	1
No dir nada ms: no me gustan los spoilers, as que no quiero ser uno, pero creo que esta pelcula vale la pena.	1
Wow, que mala pelcula.	0
No asusta en lo ms mnimo, y apenas comprensible.	0
La trama no se mantiene unida, y la actuacin es absolutamente espantosa.	0
Ni siquiera es bueno para el valor del campamento!	0
No esperaba material de Oscar, pero esto?	0
Tendras que tener el coeficiente intelectual de un molusco particularmente estpido para no ver venir ese.	0
Esta pelcula (y uso esa palabra libremente) es un insulto para el pblico que va al cine.	0
Ojal alguien involucrado en l supiera cmo encadenar la narrativa!	0
Esto obtiene un 1 de 10, simplemente porque no hay nada ms bajo.	0
Este es uno que no tena, pero lo vi recientemente en Fox Movie Channel y qued muy decepcionado.	0
S que era un jugador por contrato con poco control sobre sus guiones, pero la actuacin fue tan mala como el guin.	0
Victor McLaglen era incluso malo, y Brian DonLevy era casi irreconocible.	0
Teniendo en cuenta las relaciones fuera de pantalla entre Taylor y Stanwyck, fue sorprendente la poca qumica que haba en pantalla entre los dos.	0
Pero la premisa de la pelcula era tan ridcula: que el presidente de los Estados Unidos	0
Las escenas del corredor de la muerte eran completamente inmviles.	0
Lo nico peor que la actuacin de Taylor fue el canto de Stanwyck.	0
Lo que sea que buscara el productor, se lo perdi por completo.	0
Estaba profundamente impresionado con el personaje que interpretaba.	1
Cuando vi la pelcula, supe que este actor talentoso vendra ms cosas geniales.	1
Una pelcula de atracos barata y desalentadora con una caracterizacin deficiente, muchos emoticones estoicos de estilo mordido (piense en Chow Yun Fat en A Better Tomorrow) y algunos clichs cursi arrojados a una fbrica abandonada listos para unos pocos rollos de judo volador mal ejecutados a la manera de John Woo.	0
Incluso los squibs se ven horribles.	0
En ningn momento del proceso se parece remotamente a Estados Unidos.	0
La trama, tal como es, es tan derivada y predecible que el final es como un asesinato por piedad.	0
El horrible dilogo y la desesperada sobreactuacin de todos los que reciben un disparo son una verdadera prdida de espacio y tiempo.	0
Estaba muy incmodo con lo mala que era esta pelcula, pero no tena miedo en absoluto.	0
El dilogo se compone de cosas que tienen poco sentido.	0
Se desperdician unos 30 minutos de material de archivo para mostrar a los actores mayores mediocres balbuceando torpemente sedoso y gibberish lo suficientemente cursi lo suficiente como para hacer que un adolescente gtico se sonroje, casi siempre en ingls antiguo y, a veces, en latn que pueden o no ser palabras inventadas.	0
La direccin es descuidada en el mejor de los casos.	0
Escritura trillada, sin duda, pero empeor an ms por la mala direccin.	0
Por supuesto, la actuacin es bla.	0
La actuacin de todo el elenco podra ponerse en una escala y equilibrarse perfectamente entre sobreactuar y no interactuar.	0
Y, FINALMENTE, despus de todo eso, llegamos a un final que hubiera sido excelente si hubiera sido manejado por personas competentes y no por Jerry Falwell.	0
Me encant esta pelcula, era una gran representacin de una familia que tena sus altibajos, pero al final saban que se amaban especialmente el uno al otro.	1
He visto muchas pelculas protagonizadas por Jaclyn Smith, pero Dios mo, esta fue una de sus mejores, aunque sali hace 12 aos.	1
Esta pelcula contena un elenco de estrellas, y lo que ms me gust fue que me abri los ojos para ver a otros actores que no haba visto antes.	1
Esta pelcula fue bastante larga, pero disfrut cada minuto.	1
En general, califico esta pelcula como 10 de una escala de 1-10.	1
Lifetime no lo transmite lo suficiente, por lo que si alguien sabe qu tienda vende, avseme porque es imprescindible.	1
Recuerdo particularmente que mis sentidos fueron asaltados por cuerdas estridentes de msica que sonaran con muy poca advertencia, y an menos significado.	0
Es el tipo de papilla que se examina por la tarde para castigar a los desempleados por no tener trabajo.	0
Totalmente diferente, con mucha subestimacin y comedia negra, esta es una pelcula que pocos pueden ver, pero aquellos que lo hagan lo recordarn.	1
Esta pelcula crea su propio universo y es fascinante en todos los sentidos.	1
Pero esta pelcula realmente me atrap.	1
Mralo.	1
Realmente espero que el equipo detrs de esta pelcula haga ms pelculas, y que continen hacindolo en su propio estilo, algo extrao.	1
Y olvid: El casting aqu es excelente, con Trond Fausa Aurvg siendo perfecto en el papel de Hombre molesto, que no entiende dnde est, qu est haciendo y por qu.	1
Esta pelcula es un comentario bueno y humorstico sobre la vida en 2006.	1
Encontr este movimiento hermoso, agradable y estimulante.	1
Inicialmente, los sitios locales en la pelcula, que fue filmada aqu en Buffalo, me intrigaron.	1
Ms tarde me encontr perdido en el poder de la pelcula.	1
Toda la audiencia aplaudi al final de la pelcula.	1
Sal del teatro con una inclinacin en mi paso, alegra en mi corazn y esperanza para la raza humana.	1
Duris tiene una apariencia saludable y ofrece un excelente rendimiento.	1
El resto del elenco tambin juega bien.	1
Cabe destacar la cinematografa, que incluye hermosas vistas de Barcelona y sus famosas torres de Gaud.	1
Unos diez minutos despus de esta pelcula comenc a tener dudas.	0
Alrededor de la mitad de esta pelcula, comenc a no gustarme.	0
Cuando termin la pelcula, no solo no me gustaba, sino que la despreciaba.	0
Lo que le falta a esta pelcula es un guin convincente.	0
El guin parece que solo se escribi un borrador y el rodaje comenz antes de que se completara un guin terminado.	0
Las cosas suceden, las personalidades de los personajes cambian, los giros de la trama ocurren sin ninguna razn real aparte de que el guin lo requiere.	0
El reparto es bueno.	1
Por eso, vale la pena echarle un vistazo.	1
Este es probablemente el espectculo ms irritante que he visto en toda mi vida.	0
Es indescriptiblemente el espectculo ms molesto e idiota que he visto.	0
Todo al respecto es simplemente malo.	0
No poda entender, qu tipo de idiota producira este desastre en primer lugar, sin mencionar varias temporadas.	0
El guin es malo, muy malo: contiene tanto bromas como bromas poco ticas que normalmente se ven en las pelculas clasificadas R o NC-17.	0
El casting tambin es horrible, porque todo lo que ves es un actor realmente muy malo, punto.	0
Palabra final: Este espectculo es una verdadera tortura!	0
Est a millones de veces de la realidad.	0
Ver la lavadora girando no daara tus ojos tanto como este espectculo.	0
Calificacin: 0/10 (Grado: Z) Nota: El show es tan malo que incluso la madre del elenco saca a su hija del show.	0
ROAD HOUSE de 20th Century Fox (1948) no solo es un negro tonto, sino que es un aburrimiento implacable de una pelcula.	0
Lleno de personajes de cartn poco convincentes, est escrito con suavidad por Edward Chodorov, quien tambin produjo, y sorprendentemente dirigido por Jean Negulesco, de quien uno esperara mucho ms.	0
A partir de aqu, el personaje de Widmark se vuelve involuntariamente cmico!	0
Perder sus canicas tan temprano en el proceso es totalmente inverosmil y poco convincente.	0
Y si eso no es un desastre de pelcula, la imagen tambin se ve empaada por el uso constante de decorados de estudio y exteriores interiores.	0
Todo lo que provoc tal documental est ms all de m!	0
(spoilers muy serios) esta pelcula fue una gran decepcin.	0
Hay tantos problemas que no s por dnde empezar.	0
El elenco fue genial.	1
steve martin ofrece una actuacin realmente divertida de un hombre blanco de mediana edad, clase alta y tenso.	1
agregue Betty White y Jean Smart y tendr un gran elenco: todos jugaron sus papeles muy bien.	1
Pero la pelcula comete muchos errores graves.	0
En primer lugar, hay suficientes estereotipos raciales y chistes raciales para ofender a todos.	0
la pelcula est llena de insultos raciales abiertos hacia los miembros negros del reparto y, a cambio, los blancos se representan como imbciles y pechos.	0
Dejando a un lado la carta de carrera, veamos la falla principal en la pelcula: destruyen el personaje de Latifa.	0
No hay una trama real.	0
No volvera a ver esta pelcula gratis.	0
STEAMBOAT WILLIE es una pelcula increblemente importante para nuestra historia del cine.	1
Esta segunda aparicin de Mickey Mouse (despus del silencioso PLANE CRAZY a principios de ese ao) es probablemente su pelcula ms famosa, principalmente porque fue muy innovadora.	1
Si bien an no escuchas a Mickey hablar, hay toneladas de efectos de sonido y msica a lo largo de la pelcula, algo que damos por sentado ahora, pero que fue un gran placer para la multitud en 1928.	1
Sin embargo, despus de ver el corto nuevamente despus de unos 25 aos, me sorprendi lo atemporal que es la pelcula.	1
Es adorable ver a Mickey interpretar &quot;Turkey in the Straw&quot; de una manera muy imaginativa (aunque a veces cruel).	1
Inteligente y realmente complaciente: esta pelcula todava se encuentra entre las mejores pelculas de Mickey incluso despus de 80 aos maravillosos.	1
La bipolaridad del matn despiadado (un minuto un asesino despiadado, el siguiente minuto un comercial de paales de Luv) es completamente poco convincente.	0
Estoy terriblemente decepcionado de que esta pelcula reciba tantos premios y reconocimientos, especialmente cuando hay obras de cine mucho ms merecedoras.	0
El original Body and Soul (1947) es una obra maestra.	1
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee ... y fueron filmados por uno de los mejores cineastas que jams hayan aparecido en la pantalla ... James Wong Howe.	1
No creo que haya cualidades redentoras en esta nueva versin.	0
Esta puede ser la nica pelcula mala que haya hecho.	0
Tan malo ... bueno ... es malo.	0
Esta pelcula es un ejemplo slido de una mala trama y una muy, muy mala idea en todo momento.	0
Es una pena ver a buenos actores como Thomerson y James ganarse la vida en un lo como este.	0
Pens que era malo	0
Ambas pelculas son terribles, pero para el crdito de la versin de 1986, se poda ver.	0
Comencemos con todos los problemas: la actuacin, especialmente del profesor principal, fue muy, muy mala.	0
El guin es un gran desastre defectuoso.	0
El mejor ejemplo de cun tonta es la escritura cuando se establece que puedes volver a convertir a los estudiantes zombis en humanos quitando un collar que contiene una pieza del meteorito.	0
El director Paul Matthews, quien tambin escribi / dirigi la dbil pelcula de monstruos de 1995 &quot;Grim&quot;, claramente no sabe cmo controlar sus pelculas.	0
La pelcula es terriblemente aburrida en algunos lugares.	0
La iluminacin es horrible.	0
La pelcula se ve barata y sosa.	0
Uno de los aspectos ms decepcionantes es la falta de sangre notable.	0
Esta convencin nunca funcion bien en el pasado, y ciertamente no funciona aqu.	0
Los efectos visuales fueron HORRIBLES.	0
La secuencia de apertura de CG en el espacio pareca que podra haberse creado en Microsoft Slideshow por el amor de Dios!	0
La &quot;explosin&quot; de los tanques de gas al final fue igual de horrible.	0
De acuerdo, me gusta considerarme un crtico justo, as que dar crdito donde sea debido: los efectos de la criatura fueron realmente geniales.	1
Tengo que amar esos primeros planos de dientes viscosos y babeantes!	1
Para resumir la pelcula, &quot;Breeders&quot; es una pelcula de terror terrible y barata que debe evitarse como el virus del bola.	0
No recomendado.	0
Es casi insoportable verlo en la pantalla, tiene poco o ningn carisma y un terrible momento cmico.	0
Adems de su terrible plomo, esta pelcula tiene muchos otros dbitos.	0
Entiendo que se supone que es una comedia barata de palomitas de maz, pero eso no significa que tenga que insultar por completo nuestra inteligencia, y tener una escritura tan increblemente trillada que raya en la ofensiva.	0
El considerable talento de Lewis Black tambin se desperdicia aqu, ya que est en su punto ms incendiario cuando no tiene restricciones, lo que la clasificacin PG-13 ciertamente no permitir.	0
El nico punto brillante de la pelcula fue Jonah Hill (que se ver casi irreconocible para los fanticos de la reciente Superbad debido a la cantidad de peso que perdi en el nterin).	1
Con la originalidad y frescura de la primera pelcula que se pas ahora, esta nueva versin tena poco ms que ofrecer.	0
El presupuesto era evidentemente muy limitado.	0
Esto se reflej no solo en el elenco, sino tambin en el guin por debajo del par, que tom prestado mucho del clsico anterior.	0
Sin embargo, aqu no hubo trabajo decente de actuacin, accin o ubicacin para equilibrar las cosas.	0
Filmiing fue menos expansivo.	0
No logr transmitir la amplia extensin de paisajes que eran una gran parte del original.	0
Generalmente; simplemente le faltaba imaginacin.	0
No recomendado.	0
Es posible que una pelcula empeore?	0
No hay una trama aqu para mantenerte en primer lugar.	0
Incluso cuando las mujeres finalmente aparecen, no hay signos de mejora; suceden las cosas ms esperadas y para cuando termine la pelcula, es posible que ests muy dormido.	0
Cuidado: esta no es una pelcula de culto basura, es un perodo de basura!	0
No puedo creer que haya una secuela de esto!	0
Por eso precisamente le estoy dando una crtica tan mala!	0
Siendo un nio de los 90, realmente disfrut este espectculo y puedo decir con orgullo que lo disfrut a lo grande e incluso ms que las caricaturas clsicas de WB.	1
Pero &quot;Tiny Toons&quot; mantuvo el ambiente de los 90 y entreg una de las caricaturas ms populares, divertidas y subestimadas jams creadas.	1
Los recuerdos son turbios, pero solo puedo decir que disfrut de cada episodio y producto relacionado con el programa.	1
Fcilmente, ninguna otra caricatura me hizo rer de una manera tierna (antes de entrar en comedias oscuras orientadas para adolescentes).	1
Todos los personajes eran divertidos y tenan la peculiaridad de no tener un verdadero personaje principal.	1
Cada personaje era hilarante y mereca ser llamado protagonista.	1
Cada elemento de esta historia fue tan exagerado, excesivamente falso y artificial que fue doloroso sentarse.	0
Sus lneas parecen haber sido ESCRITAS por un chico de quince aos, aunque estn intentando, oh, tan difcil parecer como un chico de quince aos realmente, um, ya sabes, bueno ... hablar.	0
Perabo tiene un buen nivel de energa y obviamente es muy cmodo frente a una cmara.	1
Simplemente no hay excusa para algo tan mal hecho.	0
Vi esta pelcula y pens que es una pelcula estpida.	0
Lo que es an ms estpido es que quin pens la idea de que debera haber un volcn en Los ngeles?	0
Para ser honesto contigo, esto es una tontera increble y muy tonto.	0
En conclusin, no me molestar con esta pelcula porque un volcn en Los ngeles no es ms que una tontera.	0
La historia es simplemente horrible!	0
Es simplemente doloroso!	0
Y los acentos son absolutamente abismales!	0
Tambin hay suficiente hipocresa en esta pelcula para hacerme vomitar.	0
No pierdas tu tiempo viendo esta pelcula de basura no investigada.	0
Creo que Pitch Black se hizo bien.	1
Los personajes son interesantes y quieres saber ms sobre ellos cuanto ms dure la pelcula, y creo que la gente se sorprender de quin lo hace y quin no.	1
Ve a verlo!	1
Omita ver esto.	0
Muy divertido!	1
Mi calificacin: solo 3 de 10.	0
Los personajes son interesantes y realmente te importan.	1
Un clsico instantneo, con una gran banda sonora y una cancin pegadiza durante los crditos finales.	1
No te lo pierdas	1
Esta es una obra maestra de la realizacin de pelculas, con muchos temas a fuego lento y ocasionalmente hirviendo en estas verrugas y todo el estudio de los aos de guerra bohemios y autocomplacientes del poeta que abarcan los bombardeos areos de Londres y la tranquilidad exterior de un refugio costero gals. - las fronteras entre amistad, lujuria y amor, dedicacin al arte y la experiencia versus preocupaciones prcticas, celos, rivalidad, cobarda y egosmo versus herosmo y sacrificio personal y ms.	1
Un guin sutil y maduro que sugiere y ocasionalmente enfatiza dramticamente las tensiones subyacentes est bien servido por actuaciones perfectas (aparte de la extraa sonrisa inapropiada a la que es propenso Keira Knightley, aunque quizs esta vez bajo direccin, ya que los otros personajes a menudo lo mencionan) )	1
Pero, sobre todo, la exquisita composicin visual de cada momento, con el uso ingenioso y elegante del primer plano, el ngulo de la cmara y la iluminacin, incluidas las imgenes puntillistas de pelculas caseras falsas, es una maravilla y una alegra para la vista.	1
Es tan bello como un Bertolucci, pero las relaciones aqu son ms convincentes y la narrativa ms atractiva que parte del trabajo de ese maestro.	1
La premisa bsica se desperdicia, ya que queda al margen por el inexplicable enfoque en el equipo documental.	0
De todos modos, la pelcula falla en la mayora de los niveles.	0
Evitar a toda costa.	0
Vi esta pelcula en Navidad, y qu gran pelcula fue!	1
Pens que Errol Flynn era brillante como Custer y desde entonces se ha convertido en mi actor favorito!	1
Su actuacin junto a Olivia De Havilland fue brillante y el final fue fantstico!	1
Siempre supe que Errol Flynn era un actor brillante, ya que era el actor favorito de mi padre, y crec viendo sus pelculas cuando era nio.	1
Pero no fue hasta que vi esta pelcula que me di cuenta de lo genial que era en realidad.	1
Le dar a esta pelcula 10 de 10!	1
S que Jim O&#39;Connor era muy enrgico y que nadie poda ser tanto como l, pero George era muy aburrido.	0
Realmente no pareca querer ser el anfitrin; sus voces en off eran montonas, no se involucraron con los invitados.	0
Pequeo y encantador thriller de Hitchcock, con muchas travesuras agradables que rodean a un espa asesinado, un nio secuestrado, una iglesia desagradable, un complot extranjero y algunos taxidermistas al azar.	1
Jimmy Stewart es como siempre un gran hroe para Hitchcock, la historia llega a su clmax en una funcin de embajada, pero carece de la amenaza amenazante del original en blanco y negro de bajo presupuesto de Hitchcock.	1
Sin embargo, otra pelcula maravillosa del establo del gran maestro.	1
Debo decir que esta pelcula fue excelentemente producida y encabeza las clasificaciones como una pelcula de ciencia ficcin tpica!	1
Excelentemente producido por uno de los mejores productores de ciencia ficcin, Scot Vandiver!	1
Pero es entretenido, no obstante.	1
Es una pelcula cursi que es una alegra ver.	1
Apenas hay un momento aburrido en la pelcula y hay muchas partes humorsticas.	1
El reparto siempre es entretenido como siempre.	1
En general, una delicia!	1
Esta pelcula es tan increblemente horrible que ni siquiera podra haber sido creada.	0
La pelcula carece de temores o tensiones reales y parte de la terminologa mdica utilizada es un poco dudosa por decir lo menos y lo digo como diabtico dependiente de insulina.	0
Cuanto menos se diga sobre la actuacin, mejor.	0
Esta pelcula hace un excelente trabajo al revelar la complejidad de la tarea y los increbles desafos que enfrenta Sudfrica.	1
Creo que todos deberan ver esta pelcula, ya que creo que pocas personas fuera de Sudfrica entienden su pasado y lo que se est intentando en el proceso de Verdad y Reconciliacin.	1
Nada menos que una magnfica fotografa / cinematografa en esta pelcula.	1
La actuacin es fantstica, las historias estn entretejidas y los perros son esplndidos ... Imprescindible alquilar, ver o ver.	1
No tengas miedo de los subttulos ........ vale la pena un poco de terapia de aversin 10/10	1
Excelente actuacin.	1
Todava hay buenos actores alrededor!	1
Tambin excelente direccin y fotografa.	1
Muy fiel a Shakespear, y un &#39;must&#39; para todos los fanticos de Shakespear.	1
Macbeth (Jason Connery) me conmovi hasta las lgrimas con su monlogo final (fuera de breve vela, fuera) Le dio a la esfera de la decadencia moral y las fuerzas oscuras un rostro humano, lo que lo hace ms interesante.	1
Helen Baxendale es una seora Macbeth muy creble que a veces puede ser muy alegre y, a veces, parece una nia traviesa, pero mortal en su gusto por la sangre y el mal.	1
Si amas la muerte y la decadencia, y las letras de Shakespears ... este es el indicado.	1
Esta es una adaptacin ingeniosa y deliciosa del libro del Dr. Seuss, brillantemente animada por el mejor y completamente merecedor de su Premio de la Academia de la UPA.	1
Debe hacerse una mencin especial a la excelente partitura musical y los efectos de sonido, que son un elemento integral para ayudar a hacer de esta una caricatura tan memorable y agradable.	1
Sin embargo, Paul Schrader ha hecho una pelcula &quot;sobre&quot; Mishima que es excelente y compleja.	1
Tambin es notable la fina y crujiente cinematografa de John Bailey, y el gran diseo de produccin y vestuario de Eiko Ishioka, quien realiz los disfraces memorables para Drcula de Coppola por la que recibi un merecido Oscar.	1
Incluso teniendo en cuenta los bajos valores de produccin para la poca (1971) y el formato (algn tipo de miniserie), esto es baaaaaad.	0
A menos que est solo para &quot;recopilar&quot; visualmente todas las pelculas existentes del trabajo de Austen, puede omitir esta.	0
Sin embargo, si lo ves, hay pequeos consuelos: las actrices que interpretan a las hermanas de Anne hacen un trabajo maravilloso con sus papeles.	1
No es bueno.	0
Hablando de la msica, es insoportablemente predecible y kitsch.	0
Entonces la pelcula acaba de dejar caer la pelota.	0
Esta es una pelcula deslumbrante.	1
Crudo y sublimemente conmovedor.	1
Se sinti como una obra teatral inteligente muy apasionante (pero sin la sensacin demasiado teatral que uno realmente siente al mirar a la gente en un escenario) que juega con el terror de todos de una mentira blanca que se eleva a consecuencias monstruosas.	1
Todos los jugadores principales son fascinantes.	1
Tom Wilkinson me rompi el corazn al final ... y todos los dems estn juzgando por la cantidad de torpezas por pauelos y manos que se enfrentan a hombres y mujeres por igual.	1
Julian Fellowes ha triunfado nuevamente.	1
Es un tesoro nacional.	1
VE Y VLO!	1
Esta es una pelcula excelente.	1
Las escenas areas estaban bien hechas.	1
Tambin era el equilibrio correcto de guerra y amor.	1
La pelcula da sentido a la frase: &quot;Nunca en la historia de los conflictos humanos se le debe tanto a tan pocos.	1
Kris Kristoffersen es bueno en esta pelcula y realmente marca la diferencia.	1
Una buena pelcula de un gran director!	1
Este es definitivamente uno de los mejores documentales que he visto mirando las relaciones familiares y el matrimonio.	1
Hay muchos errores de continuidad: otro usuario coment sobre diferentes autos en el garaje, las gafas de Joe ... el que ms me llam la atencin fue el hecho de que la configuracin del vello facial de Joe pareca cambiar de una escena a otra.	0
Esta es solo una gran pelcula.	1
10 de 10 estrellas.	1
No puedo ver cmo esta pelcula puede ser una inspiracin para que alguien salga o supere el miedo y el rechazo.	0
Es tan malo que realmente vale la pena verlo solo por esa razn.	0
Punishment Park es una brillante pieza de cine.	1
Filmado en el desierto del sur de California con su estilo documental falso, Watkins crea una pelcula como ninguna otra.	1
Esta es una de las pelculas ms accesibles de Peter Watkins.	1
Te aconsejo que lo cuides.	1
No te arrepentirs!	1
Muy recomendable A +	1
Bueno ... solo si sigues pensando lo malo que es.	0
Es una basura mediocre, miserable, hueca, risible y predecible.	0
Es un caso de &quot;tan malo que es ridculo&quot;.	0
) muy mal desempeo interpreta a Angela Bennett, una experta en informtica que est en casa todo el tiempo.	0
Es una pelcula sobre nada, solo un pretexto para mostrar escenas de accin ridculas.	0
Qu horrible es ella!	0
Pero ella sigue siendo una mala actriz, repitiendo sus movimientos robticos en cada una de sus imgenes.	0
Los resultados, bueno, son una pena.	0
BORRAR esta pelcula de tu mente!	0
Uno de los peores espectculos de todos los tiempos.	0
El espectculo comenzara con comentarios inteligentes entre ellos que estaran totalmente fuera de la pared y no seran necesarios.	0
El gordo informtico era increble, el golpeador de la Biblia, la chica mala, quines son estos actores?	0
Nunca escuch de ninguno de ellos, excepto Cole, que era totalmente increble en el papel.	0
Cada vez que abre la boca, esperas escuchar, &quot;ves nios ...&quot; Desconectar fue un asesinato misericordioso para este horrible espectculo.	0
Las historias eran tan increbles como los actores.	0
Cojo sera la mejor manera de describirlo.	0
Stanwyck y Morgan estn perfectamente moldeados en lo que es, en muchos sentidos, un equivalente moderno del Cuento de Navidad de Dickens en su sensibilidad.	1
El xito de la pelcula depende del reparto de Sydney Greenstreet como el personaje de Alexander Yardley.	1
El atractivo conjunto utilizado en la mayor parte de la pelcula es una joya agradable a la vista.	1
Tambin soy un gran admirador de los juegos de rol, pero esta pelcula es una vergenza para cualquier RPG que se respete a s mismo.	0
Las lneas, los cortes, el audio, todo est mal.	0
Puedes encontrar mejores pelculas en youtube.	0
Lnea superior: no pierdas tu tiempo y dinero en este, es tan malo como parece.	0
Una pelcula de Lassie que debera haber sido &quot;puesta a dormir&quot; ... PARA SIEMPRE.	0
As es como describira esta prdida de tiempo dolorosamente triste de una pelcula.	0
Tan mediocre en todos los aspectos que se convierte en un desastre aburrido y poco interesante, esta es una de las pelculas ms olvidadas que he visto.	0
Ni siquiera es un logro como una pelcula &quot;tan mala es buena&quot; o &quot;tan mala es memorable&quot;.	0
Es una cscara vaca y hueca de una pelcula.	0
En serio, no vale la pena desperdiciar tu tiempo o el de tus hijos.	0
Evita, evita, evita!	0
Te volver loco ladrando!	0
Los traslados son muy buenos.	1
Muy agradable y relajante observacin nocturna.	1
La pelcula est llena de bailes maravillosos (de ah el ttulo!	1
) buena msica y paisajes maravillosos.	1
Maneja algunos problemas difciles con dignidad y gracia, y, por supuesto, tiene (spoiler impactante aqu!	1
) un final feliz, maravilloso, sentirse bien!	1
El punto es el viaje, un viaje que toca a cada miembro de la familia.	1
Es una de las pelculas que necesito ver cada vez que aparece en la televisin ... no importa el hecho de que ya lo tengo memorizado!	1
Nada nuevo all.	0
Eso se hizo en la segunda pelcula.	0
La pelcula casi no tiene escenas de accin y muy poca comedia.	0
La trama tiene ms agujeros que un par de medias de red y la direccin y la edicin son asombrosamente complicadas.	0
Qu demonios est haciendo Irons en esta pelcula?	0
Acabo de ver esta pelcula y la recomiendo.	1
Tiene una muy buena trama, mantiene su atencin completa, la actuacin es excelente, Tom Wilkinson fue fantstico y Emily Watson tambin fue muy buena.	1
Una muy buena pelcula, sobre el amor grande e incondicional.	1
El personaje de Tom Wilkinson es un hombre que no est preparado para la prueba que est a punto de comenzar, pero toma el asunto en la mano a medida que avanza la historia, y este gran actor ofrece una actuacin que te hace sentir la angustia y el sufrimiento del personaje.	1
El personaje de Emily Watson es muy fuerte, y solo tiene que dar un vistazo rpido y usted lo comprende todo.	1
A pesar de las crticas de los crticos, me gust esta pelcula.	1
De hecho, me gust ms que Entrevista con un vampiro y me gust ms este Lestat (Stuart Townsend) que el intento de Cruise.	1
Aailiyah era bastante buena como Akasha, en lugares convincentes (su primera entrada y mini escena de baile).	1
Soy un gran admirador de esta serie debido principalmente al estilo, las sensibilidades y los tratamientos de Anne Rice.	1
Supongo que me gustaron los detalles de su disfuncin: era creble.	1
Las escenas de ftbol al final fueron desconcertantes.	0
Pero pens que su actuacin era hbil.	1
Meredith M era mejor que bien.	1
Una pelcula muy encantadora con un maravilloso sentimiento y corazn.	1
Es raro que un cineasta se tome el tiempo de contar una historia moral digna con cuidado y amor que no caiga en la trampa de ser demasiado almibarado o indulgente.	1
Nueve de cada diez para una pelcula realmente encantadora.	1
Esta primera pelcula del futuro goremeister Lucio Fulci es una muy buena adicin al subgnero giallo.	1
Este es uno de los mejores thrillers italianos de principios de los 70.	1
Una escena destacada.	1
Esta escena es muy fuerte y desagradable.	0
Tcnicamente, la pelcula est bien hecha con un impresionante trabajo de cmara, una actuacin slida y msica efectiva de Riz Ortolani, particularmente buena es una voz femenina recurrente no acompaada que suena como si viniera de una colina distante.	1
Sin embargo, todava es algo salvaje y es muy recomendable para los fanticos del cine giallo.	1
La pelcula fue muy interesante de principio a fin.	1
Me gust la forma en que el personaje de Dustin Hoffman estaba listo para hacer casi todo para quedarse con su hijo.	1
Esta pelcula tambin es reveladora.	1
Personalmente, creo que muestra que las personas deberan aprender a encontrar un compromiso sin comprometer a otras personas.	1
Y fue aburrido.	0
Estoy tan cansado de los clichs que es solo una escritura perezosa, y aqu vienen gruesos y rpidos.	0
PD: la nica escena en la pelcula que fue genial es cuando el personaje central encuentra su habitacin explotada.	1
Es un efecto fresco, sutil y bastante sublime.	1
Un crtico italiano lo llam &quot;una pelcula pequea y excelente&quot;, y eso es correcto.	1
Todos los actores dan una actuacin maravillosa, especialmente Jennifer Rubin como Jamie Harris, que cambia de la estrella nerviosa al principio a travs de los extraos eventos de los que ella forma parte a la estrella genial.	1
Aprendes mucho sobre las verdaderas emociones internas de las personas en esta pelcula, y mucho sobre el negocio del cine en s.	1
La pelcula en situaciones cinematogrficas al principio y durante el juego que juega con ella el &quot;entrenador en funciones&quot; es fascinante.	1
Adems, la msica de Mark Snow es posiblemente la mejor partitura que he escuchado.	1
No olvidars esta pelcula!	1
Por qu se hizo esta pelcula?	0
La pelcula tiene un aspecto ultra barato.	0
El resultado es una pelcula que simplemente no se ve bien.	0
Ninguno de ellos es atractivo o emocionante.	0
La trama es una tontera que no le interesa en lo ms mnimo ni tiene ninguna singularidad.	0
El extranjero no vale un segundo de tu tiempo.	0
Lo vi de nio en la televisin en 1973, cuando era &quot;The Stranger&quot; y me encant.	1
Pero el do entre el astronauta y su mdico al comienzo de la pelcula es un intercambio perfecto si se considera que esta pelcula se introdujo bien en la Guerra Fra y el mayor temor del astronauta es que se haya estrellado en la URSS.	1
Esta pelcula es increble!	1
Me encant, fue realmente aterrador.	1
Me encantan las pelculas de Scream y todas las pelculas de terror, y esta est muy arriba.	1
Si quieres un verdadero susto alquila este!	1
10/10	1
Esta es una pelcula extraordinaria.	1
Como drama de la corte, es convincente, como una acusacin contra el sistema de justicia estadounidense, es aterrador.	1
Esta pelcula resalta los defectos fundamentales del proceso legal, que no se trata de descubrir la culpabilidad o la inocencia, sino ms bien de quin se presenta mejor en la corte.	1
La pelcula tiene buen ritmo, es discreta y es uno de los mejores documentales de la corte que he visto.	1
Este drama televisivo basado en hechos, en su mayora de rutina, recibe un impulso de la excelente actuacin de Cole.	1
Previsible, pero no es un mal reloj.	1
Estaba claro que ella tena el alcance y la capacidad de llevar a cabo esta parte.	1
Ella lleva bien la pelcula.	1
Constantine le da a todo la intensidad adecuada y parece tener una buena comprensin de las motivaciones psicolgicas subyacentes.	1
Es maravilloso e inspirador verlo, y espero que sea lanzado nuevamente en video o DVD.	1
La forma en que se lanz este pedazo de basura est ms all de m: la actuacin, la historia, los personajes, los supuestos efectos especiales, etc. Todo est mal.	0
De hecho, este apestoso huele a un lanzamiento directo a video.	0
Evitar a toda costa!	0
Star Trek V La ltima frontera es la peor de la serie.	0
La actuacin de todos los involucrados y que incluye a aquellos como Shatner y Nimoy es mala y desvada y hace que parezcan tan viejos como se ven en la vida real, los efectos especiales son pegajosos como cuando Spock tiene que rescatar a Kirk en un jet pack cuando cae bajando de una montaa.	0
Los intentos de humor fueron lamentables y la historia es tan horrible que no hay que pensar en lo que bsicamente involucra a un vulcano robando el Enterprise para encontrar a Dios (en serio) Simplemente no me import nada de esta pelcula y, por no mencionar que Uhura s una danza del vientre para distraer a los guardias varones.	0
El nico lugar bueno para esta pelcula es en la basura.	0
El peor de la serie.	0
Edicin: La edicin de esta pelcula fue fenomenal en mi opinin.	1
Cuando una cancin poda explicar mejor las emociones de los sujetos, como cuando la desafortunada vida de Jay Adams era un tema de conversacin, se tocaba la cancin Old Man de Neil Young, que evoca muchas emociones.	1
Cinematografa: la pelcula fue filmada de una manera interesante.	1
Por supuesto, las imgenes de los aos 70 fueron granuladas, pero eso solo mejor la pelcula.	1
Esta pelcula ofrece muchas delicias y sorpresas.	1
Cuando Achille y Philippa cantan bellamente un do de &quot;Don Giovanni&quot; que describe perfectamente su situacin en la pelcula, aprecian las capas sutiles de esta excelente pelcula.	1
La historia se desarrolla en Jutlandia del siglo XVIII y el uso de msica de poca tocada en instrumentos de poca es solo un toque ms.	1
Compartes la exquisita alegra del general Loewenhielm al participar de Cailles en Sarcophage aunque solo ests viendo una pelcula, pero deseas una pequea muestra para saborear.	1
Pero esta pelcula discreta deja una impresin duradera.	1
La calidez que genera contrasta con su austero teln de fondo.	1
Saldrs del teatro con ganas de salir a bailar bajo las estrellas.	1
La actuacin, como es de esperar de este elenco, es de primera categora.	1
Los personajes se desarrollan sorprendentemente bien, particularmente Grimes y Blake, y todos los actores entregan sus lneas marcadamente escritas con la cantidad justa de lengua inexpresiva en la mejilla para que el dilogo sea hilarante y realista.	1
Angus Scrimm tambin presenta una buena actuacin en un papel algo breve pero memorable como el anatomista suavemente amenazador y violinista Doctor Quinn.	1
Conclusin: me encant.	1
Hace mucho tiempo que no me entretiene una pelcula.	1
Me cuesta encontrar algo malo que decir al respecto.	1
Recuerda mis palabras, esta es una de esas pelculas de culto como Evil Dead 2 o Phantasm que la gente an descubrir y se enamorar de 20, 30, 40 aos ms adelante.	1
Es bastante sorprendente que esta maravillosa pelcula se haya hecho en 1949, ya que Hollywood generalmente tena sus cabezas colectivas en la arena sobre cuestiones de blanco y negro en ese momento.	1
La pelcula merece grandes elogios por tomar esta posicin, por tener una actuacin excepcional de su elenco en su mayora menos conocido y por el guin sper inteligente que no insulta a la audiencia o toma la salida fcil cuando se trata del racismo blanco.	1
Adems, con un presupuesto bastante modesto y un tiempo de ejecucin rpido, hace un trabajo increble!	1
Juano Hernndez (un actor excepcional que interpret papeles secundarios en muchas pelculas de la poca) es un orgulloso hombre negro acusado de asesinar a un hombre blanco en el sur.	1
Trumbull en I LOVE LUCY).	1
Valo con sus hijos si tiene la oportunidad: abrir un dilogo sorprendente sobre cun lejos han llegado las relaciones raciales en los ltimos 50 aos.	1
Mira las dos pelculas si puedes.	1
Fue ese ao, sin embargo, lo que nos record que Huston todava estaba en la cima de su juego como lo demuestra su fiel adaptacin de la aclamada novela de James Joyce &quot;The Dead&quot;.	1
Sentimientos, pensamientos ... La incomodidad de Gabriel durante el baile ... todos estos intangibles cobran vida y entran en el alcance del espectador en la representacin de Huston.	1
Muy decepcionado y se pregunt cmo podra ser en la lista de Oscar.	0
Es muy lento.	0
Muchos agujeros en la trama: no hay nada acerca de cmo se convirti en el emperador; nada sobre dnde pas 20 aos entre su infancia y su edad madura.	0
) No pierdas tu tiempo.	0
End of Days es una de las peores pelculas de accin de gran presupuesto que he visto.	0
Seguramente no sabe cmo hacer una pelcula de accin coherente del guionista de Air Force One, que solo estaba obligado a escribir el guin solo por una gran suma de dinero.	0
Esta fue una de las peores pelculas que he visto.	0
Todava estoy tratando de superar lo malo que fue.	0
Esta pelcula es posiblemente una de las obras de terror ms creativas de la historia.	1
Tiene todo lo que pueda desear: suspenso, drama, comedia, tramas secundarias confusas, nativos americanos, comer el cerebro ... Si est buscando el final de todas las pelculas, no busque ms.	1
&quot;Con excelentes efectos de sonido e impresionantes efectos especiales, no puedo recomendar esta pelcula lo suficiente.	1
Llmame loco, pero creo que esta es una de las mejores pelculas de la historia.	1
Grandes personajes actores Telly Savalas y Peter Boyle.	1
1 hora 54 minutos de tedio puro, melodrama y actuacin horrible, un lo de guin y una sensacin de hundimiento de BUEN SEOR, QU ESTN PENSANDO?	0
Muchos agujeros en el guin.	0
Es como una mala pelcula de televisin de dos horas.	0
Ahora imagine que cada una de esas decisiones se hizo mal.	0
El dilogo es atroz.	0
La actuacin es ms que abismal.	0
Todo apesta.	0
El problema es que la escritura y la direccin hacen imposible establecer aquellas cosas que hacen que una pelcula se pueda ver, como el personaje, la historia, el tema, etc.	0
Peor an, hay una subtrama increblemente dbil que sigue a una pequea banda de mansonitas de los ltimos das mientras persiguen a un periodista que est trabajando en una historia en el aniversario de los asesinatos.	0
Es tonto y sin sentido, y una completa prdida de tiempo.	0
En resumen, no te molestes con esta pelcula.	0
No lo estropear, pero el final es bastante sorprendente.	1
La mejor escena de la pelcula est al final, pero no la estropear.	1
Si alguna vez hubo una indicacin de la habilidad de un escritor y un director para fusionar dos temperamentos altamente voltiles en una unin perfecta de creatividad, entonces esto es todo!	1
El resultado es un logro poderoso, hecho ms oportuno ahora quizs debido a la fascinante fascinacin de nuestra cultura con la celebridad, y sus interpretaciones distorsionadas de la fama.	1
Una pelcula que no se olvida fcilmente.	1
Pero Kevin Spacey es un excelente tsunami verbal como Buddy Ackerman, y totalmente creble porque es un gran actor.	1
El guin de la sutil comedia no tiene comparacin con ninguna pelcula de los ltimos aos.	1
Los personajes son interesantes, incluso si son un poco predecibles.	1
Muy recomendable para todas las edades, aunque el conjunto ms joven probablemente no apreciar algunas de las referencias ms sutiles, sin duda apreciarn una escena de galera en particular!	1
Gran pelicula!	1
Tambin la historia y la actuacin eran dbiles.	0
Alrededor de las 4 p. M. Lo compr, alrededor de las 8 p. M. Comenc a mirar, alrededor de las 8:15 p.	0
De cualquier manera, apesta.	0
El guin es terriblemente estpido.	0
La historia comienza demasiado rpido sin absolutamente ningn suspenso o acumulacin en lo ms mnimo.	0
Todo lo que dice el Capitn Howdy es ridculo o simplemente estpido.	0
Qu clase de mierda es esa?	0
Luego, estn los agujeros de la trama.	0
Podras conducir un camin en estos agujeros!	0
Linda Cardellini es lo nico bueno en esta pelcula.	1
Ella est lista y sorprendente.	1
Dee Snider simplemente apesta.	0
No puede actuar (uno de los villanos menos terrorficos que he visto), no puede escribir (escribi esta maldita pelcula mientras dorma?	0
Estaba aburrida durante toda la maldita cosa.	0
La actuacin apesta, la msica apesta, el guin apesta, el ritmo apesta, el FX especial apesta, la direccin apesta ... bsicamente, esta pelcula apesta.	0
Esta pelcula intenta ser una pelcula de suspenso / horror seria y sofisticada y falla miserablemente.	0
Esta es probablemente una de las pelculas menos efectivas y completamente poco originales que he visto en toda mi vida.	0
Una pieza de basura cinemtica capturada en celuloide.	0
Evitar a toda costa.	0
De todos modos, esta pelcula apesta, no es divertido, y Fulci debera haberse quedado con giallo y pelculas de zombis sobrenaturales.	0
Evita esta pelcula a toda costa.	0
No s qu pas en la quinta temporada, qu desastre.	0
El nico hilo consistente que mantuvo unida a la serie fueron las increbles actuaciones de Leni Parker y Anita LaSelva como las dos Taelons en un tranquilo conflicto idealgico.	0
Ahora esta es una pelcula que realmente no me gusta.	0
Es una de las pelculas de terror ms aburridas de los aos 90, principalmente porque comienza lentamente y se centra en una atmsfera aburrida.	0
Las marionetas se ven realmente cursi, no en el buen sentido como en las pelculas de Puppet Master 80.	0
La historia es pattica, no interesante y NUNCA explica realmente los orgenes siniestros de los tteres.	0
No hay escenas de muerte como en pelculas anteriores y las f / x son terribles.	0
Me sent dormido la primera vez que lo vi, por lo que puedo recomendarlo para los insomnes.	0
El hecho es que esta pelcula es una historia maravillosa y conmovedora sobre dos personas persiguiendo sus sueos.	1
La mejor parte de &quot;Nurse Betty&quot; es su imprevisibilidad.	1
El director Neil LaBute usa la violencia brutal para separar los sueos de la realidad, y junto con el drama conmovedor y la comedia hilarante, nunca se sabe lo que suceder despus.	1
De lo contrario, ni siquiera pierdas tu tiempo en esto.	0
Este simplemente no puede crear ningn suspenso real.	0
En cuanto al asesino, no esperes nada original o incluso remotamente aterrador.	0
Sin embargo, hay una actuacin bastante buena (al menos, para este tipo de pelcula).	1
Lo siento mucho, pero realmente no puedo recomendarlo a nadie.	0
Una de las pelculas ms aburridas e intiles que he visto.	0
La lnea de trama secundaria es incomprensible y su relacin con la lnea de trama primaria es desconcertante.	0
Lo odi.	0
Esta es una de las peores pelculas de Sandra Bullock desde Speed 2, pero no est tan mal.	0
No entiendo cmo esta basura lleg a los estantes de la tienda de pelculas, ni siquiera es una pelcula real!	0
Dudo mucho que a alguien le guste esta basura.	0
Esto no es hacer pelculas.	0
La actuacin es como ver marionetas de madera movindose y leyendo un libro, as de malo es.	0
As que estoy aqu para advertirte: NO ALQUILES ESTA PELCULA, es lo ms tonto que nunca has visto!	0
Vi este cortometraje en HBO el otro da y me encant.	1
No me di cuenta de lo maravilloso que es realmente el corto hasta las dos ltimas escenas.	1
Excelente cortometraje.	1
Con suerte, el director James Cox puede convertir el cortometraje en un largometraje con el mismo elenco, o conquistarnos con una pelcula completamente nueva.	1
Estoy de acuerdo con Jessica, esta pelcula es bastante mala.	0
Los personajes son unidimensionales, incluso los buenos y especialmente los malos.	0
La historia es totalmente predecible.	0
No mucho dilogo, ni mucha msica, toda la pelcula fue filmada de manera tan elaborada y esttica como una escultura.	1
He visto telenovelas ms inteligentes que esta pelcula.	0
Malos personajes, mala historia y mala actuacin.	0
Realmente terrible.	0
No es fcil de ver.	0
Divertido, inteligente, moderno, como la pelcula anterior de Pray, Hype!	1
Haca mucho tiempo que no vea a un actor tan carismtico en la pantalla.	1
Paolo Sorrentino ha escrito una historia maravillosa sobre la soledad y Tony ha construido uno de los personajes ms inolvidables vistos en pelculas en los ltimos aos.	1
La pelcula no es completamente perfecta, pero &#39;Titta Di Girolamo&#39; se quedar con usted durante mucho tiempo despus de la visin de la pelcula.	1
Califico esta pelcula 9/10.	1
No s si este fue el debut como director de Emilio Estvez, pero el ritmo, la interaccin y el desarrollo de los personajes, as como un trabajo inteligente de cmara que rodea al personaje que interpreta Estevez, sugieren un ojo natural.	1
La interaccin entre Martin y Emilio contiene la misma qumica maravillosa que vimos en Wall Street con Martin y Charlie.	1
Kathy Bates es maravillosa en sus personajes, sutil desesperacin y escapismo; una variacin de su personaje en &quot;At Play In The Fields Of The Lord&quot;.	1
Para los lectores que ya han visto una de las pelculas de Miyazaki: todava est en plena forma e hizo otra experiencia valiosa.	1
Nunca condesciende, todos los personajes tienen buenos corazones genuinos y problemas crebles.	1
Los dos personajes principales pueden ser dos de los nios ms crebles que vi en la pantalla.	1
Son tan fciles de amar, pero an ms fciles de identificar.	1
Esta pelcula es genial, especialmente si te gustan las artes visuales.	1
El paisaje que las dos hijas pintan y fotografan es hermoso.	1
La historia tambin es divertida y conmovedora a veces.	1
A las personas que les gustan las pelculas europeas y las &quot;pelculas de arte&quot; les gustar esta pelcula.	1
Esta es realmente una pelcula de arte, en realidad tiene mucho arte.	1
Ve a alquilarlo.	1
Sin embargo, despus de ver finalmente esta pelcula, me di cuenta de que no solo haba tenido una mente cerrada con respecto al brillo que representa, sino que tambin me encontraba vindolo una y otra vez.	1
Es la nica pelcula que nunca deja de interesarme, simplemente porque me mantiene alerta, mientras trato de descifrar sus significados.	1
Brillo de hecho.	1
Pero si le gustaron las pelculas como The Matrix (y mejor an, sus secuelas), creo que apreciar la experiencia alucinante y alucinante que esta pelcula le brindar.	1
Piensa en la pelcula como un sueo.	1
Simplemente hermoso.	1
Tanto Rickman como Stowe desempean sus papeles hasta el fondo en esta historia de un escritor de libros para nios que, tal vez? Ha escrito un tratado subversivo.	1
Es una representacin gloriosamente divertida, trepidante y bastante precisa de la noche de un raver.	1
Presenta una representacin idlica pero seria de los altibajos de las vidas de los personajes.	1
Haga lo que haga, evite &quot;Groove&quot;, ya que es la anttesis de todo lo bueno del trfico humano.	0
Es una lstima que todos los dems involucrados no compartieran el nivel de dedicacin de Crowe a la calidad, ya que si lo hicieran, tendramos una pelcula mucho mejor en nuestras manos que este desastre por debajo del par.	0
La pelcula pareca un poco lenta al principio.	0
Pero aceler y fue directo al grano.	1
Mostr exactamente cmo el gobierno y el cientfico abogaron por la humanidad y las razones del &quot;dispositivo&quot;.	1
Me gust mucho.	1
Lo he recomendado a mis amigos.	1
Estaba particularmente satisfecho con la capacidad de actuacin de Dwight Schultz.	1
Ambos actores realmente entienden y se convierten en su personaje particular, ofreciendo una actuacin convincente y sincera.	1
Su qumica en pantalla, crtica para toda la pelcula, es genuina.	1
El dilogo de la pelcula es natural, real para la vida.	1
El escritor Gorman Bechard, sin duda, hizo su tarea porque todas las referencias son apropiadas para la industria y la edad de los personajes.	1
La increble banda sonora realmente captura la esencia de la pelcula.	1
Cada pista tiene sentimientos, contribuyendo realmente a las escenas y personajes.	1
Definitivamente vale la pena verlo ... es el tipo de pelcula que invita a la reflexin que te obliga a cuestionar tu propio umbral de soledad.	1
La ltima y octava pelcula de Hayao Miyazaki para Studio Ghibili, &quot;Gake No Ue No Ponyo&quot; (Ponyo en el acantilado junto al mar) es una mirada maravillosamente divertida e imaginativa de la infancia.	1
En un momento en que parece que la animacin cinematogrfica ha estado dominada por las obras maestras de CGI de Disney / Pixar, es refrescante y reconfortante saber que Miyazaki todava se basa en la animacin tradicional dibujada a mano para contar sus historias encantadoras y encantadoras.	1
No se puede decir lo suficiente de la notable animacin de esta pelcula.	1
El estilo artstico tiene la apariencia de dibujos a lpiz / lpiz y es maravillosamente colorido y fantasioso.	1
Si actas en una pelcula as, deberas estar contento de que te alejars lo ms posible de la tierra!	0
Este quiere navegar en la pequea ola de pelculas espaciales en 1998 (Deep Impact y Armageddon), y este falla en todas partes.	0
Si al final no te has atragantado con tu propio vmito (por todo el drama barato y el dilogo intil), debes haberte aburrido hasta la muerte con esta prdida de tiempo.	0
An as, compensa todo esto con un sper final que representa una gran embarcacin marina que es sacada por la poderosa helada.	1
Solo considere la excelente historia, la actuacin slida y el aspecto de la pelcula como bonos adicionales.	1
En cambio, tuvimos un aburrido festival sobre un nio quejumbroso y malcriado que cuida nios.	0
Luego lo volv a ver hace dos domingos (20 de marzo de 2005) y comenc a disfrutarlo realmente y esta vez grab todo.	1
Es una pelcula de televisin muy bien actuada y hecha.	1
Judith Light es una de mis actrices favoritas y creo que hace un excelente trabajo en esta pelcula!	1
Lo sigo mirando una y otra vez.	1
Es una pelcula triste, pero muy buena.	1
Si no has visto esta pelcula, definitivamente te la recomiendo!	1
Ella es tan encantadora como siempre, esta chica!	1
An as, es bastante interesante y entretenido seguirlo.	1
;) Recomiende con confianza!	1
Esta pelcula est bien equilibrada con comedia y drama y disfrut muchsimo.	1
Fue un disturbio ver a Hugo Weaving interpretar a un vendedor de bienes races gay obsesionado con el sexo que usa las casas de sus clientes para sus citas con el en llamas Darren (Tom Hollander).	1
:) De todos modos, la trama fluy sin problemas y las escenas de unin masculina fueron un puntazo.	1
La secuencia de apertura de esta gema es un clsico, y los juegos de gato y ratn que siguen son una delicia para ver.	1
Los fanticos del gnero estarn en el cielo.	1
Lange se haba convertido en una gran actriz.	1
Pareca una historia maravillosa.	1
Nunca sal de una pelcula ms rpido.	0
Me aburr de ver a Jessice Lange quitarse la ropa!	0
Desafortunadamente, cualquier virtud en el trabajo de produccin de esta pelcula se perdi en un guin lamentable.	0
En una palabra, es vergonzoso.	0
Excepcionalmente malo!	0
En general, es un insulto a la inteligencia y una gran prdida de dinero.	0
Guau ... Me encant este lugar.	1
La corteza no es buena.	0
No es sabroso y la textura era desagradable.	0
Pas por el feriado bancario de finales de mayo por recomendacin de Rick Steve y me encant.	1
La seleccin en el men era genial, al igual que los precios.	1
Ahora me estoy enojando y quiero mi maldita pho.	0
Honeslty no saba TAN fresco.)	0
Las papas eran como el caucho y se notaba que se haban preparado con anticipacin para mantenerlas debajo de un calentador.	0
Las patatas fritas tambin eran geniales.	1
Un gran toque.	1
El servicio fue muy rpido.	1
No volvera	0
Al cajero no le import lo que tena que decir, pero termin siendo demasiado caro.	0
Prob el ravoli de Cape Cod, pollo, con arndanos ... mmmm!	1
Estaba disgustado porque estaba bastante seguro de que era cabello humano.	0
Me sorprendi porque no hay seales que indiquen solo efectivo.	0
Muy recomendable.	1
La camarera era un poco lenta en el servicio.	0
Este lugar no vale la pena, y mucho menos Las Vegas.	0
no me gust en absoluto.	0
El Burrittos Blah!	0
La comida, increble.	1
El servicio tambin es lindo.	1
Me podra importar menos ... El interior es simplemente hermoso.	1
Entonces se presentaron.	1
As es ... el pastel de terciopelo rojo ... ohhh esto es tan bueno.	1
- Nunca trajeron una ensalada que pedimos.	0
Este hoyo en la pared tiene excelentes tacos callejeros mexicanos y un personal amable.	1
Tom una hora para conseguir nuestra comida, solo 4 mesas en el restaurante, mi comida era Luke tibia, Nuestro servidor estaba corriendo como si estuviera totalmente abrumado.	0
Lo peor fue el sashimi de salmn.	0
Tambin hay combos como una hamburguesa, papas fritas y cerveza para 23, que es un trato decente.	1
Esto fue como el golpe final!	0
Encontr este lugar por accidente y no podra estar ms feliz.	1
Parece un buen lugar rpido para tomar un bocado de comida familiar de pub, pero hazte un favor y busca en otro lado.	0
En general, me gusta mucho este lugar.	1
La nica cualidad redentora del restaurante es que era muy econmico.	1
Amplias raciones y buenos precios.	1
Mal servicio, el camarero me hizo sentir como si fuera estpido cada vez que vino a la mesa.	0
Mi primera visita a Hiro fue una delicia!	1
El servicio apesta.	0
Los camarones tiernos y hmedos.	1
No hay un acuerdo lo suficientemente bueno que me arrastre a ese establecimiento nuevamente.	0
Es difcil juzgar si estos lados eran buenos porque nos asque la espuma de poliestireno derretida y no queramos comerla por miedo a enfermarnos.	0
En una nota positiva, nuestro servidor fue muy atento y proporcion un gran servicio.	1
Discos congelados de asco, con algunas de las peores personas detrs del registro.	0
Lo nico que me gust fue la seccin de costillas y postres.	1
Es una pena que la comida sea tan genrica.	0
La hamburguesa es buena carne, cocinada a la perfeccin.	1
Si quieres un sndwich, ve a cualquier estacin de bomberos!	1
Mi ensalada griega con el aderezo griego era muy sabrosa, y la pita y hummus era muy refrescante.	1
Pedimos el pato raro y era rosado y tierno por dentro con un bonito char en el exterior.	1
Vino corriendo detrs de nosotros cuando se dio cuenta de que mi esposo haba dejado sus gafas de sol sobre la mesa.	1
Su chow mein es tan bueno!	1
Tienen actitudes horribles hacia los clientes y hablan con cada uno cuando los clientes no disfrutan de su comida.	0
La porcin era enorme!	1
Me encant ... servidores amables, buena comida, men maravilloso e imaginativo.	1
El Heart Attack Grill en el centro de Las Vegas es una excusa absolutamente plana para un restaurante.	0
No hay mucho marisco y como 5 cadenas de pasta en el fondo.	0
La ensalada tena la cantidad justa de salsa para no sobrecargar la vieira, que estaba perfectamente preparada.	1
El pltano desgarrado no solo estaba desgarrado, sino que estaba petrificado e inspido.	0
Al menos piensa en rellenar mi agua antes de que me esfuerce por saludarte durante 10 minutos.	0
Este lugar recibe estrellas por sus APERITIVOS!	1
Los ccteles son todos hechos a mano y deliciosos.	1
Definitivamente regresaramos aqu de nuevo.	1
Estamos muy contentos de haber encontrado este lugar.	1
Buena comida y servicio, grandes porciones y dan un descuento militar.	1
Siempre un buen momento en Dos Gringos!	1
Actualizacin ... regres por segunda vez y todava fue igual de increble	1
Conseguimos la comida y aparentemente nunca han odo hablar de la sal y la masa del pescado era masticable.	0
Una excelente manera de terminar un gran.	1
El acuerdo inclua 5 degustaciones y 2 bebidas, y Jeff fue ms all de lo que esperbamos.	1
- Muy, muy buen arroz, todo el tiempo.	1
El servicio fue meh.	0
Le tom ms de 30 minutos obtener su batido, que no era ms que leche con chocolate.	0
Supongo que debera haber sabido que este lugar apestara, porque est dentro del Excalibur, pero no us mi sentido comn.	0
El plato de vieira tambin es bastante atroz por su valor.	0
2 veces - Muy mal servicio al cliente!	0
Las batatas fritas eran muy buenas y sazonadas bien.	1
Hoy es la segunda vez que he estado en su almuerzo buffet y fue bastante bueno.	1
Hay tanta buena comida en Las Vegas que me siento engaado por desperdiciar una oportunidad de comer yendo a Rice and Company.	0
Venir aqu es como experimentar una relacin decepcionante donde ambas partes no pueden esperar a que la otra persona pida que se separe.	0
Entr y el lugar ola a una vieja trampa de grasa y solo 2 otros all comiendo.	0
El pavo y el rosbif eran sosos.	0
Este lugar lo tiene!	1
Los pasteles de pan que todos estn entusiasmados con el sabor como un desastre azucarado adaptado al paladar de un nio de seis aos.	0
Me encanta el Pho y los rollitos de primavera, qu rico que tienes que probar.	1
La pobre relacin entre la masa y la carne hizo que las ofertas de pollo fueran muy insatisfactorias.	0
Todo lo que tengo que decir es que la comida era increble!	1
Las tortillas son para morirse!	1
Todo era fresco y delicioso!	1
En resumen, esta fue una experiencia gastronmica muy decepcionante.	0
Es como una fiesta realmente sexy en tu boca, donde coqueteas escandalosamente con la persona ms sexy de la fiesta.	1
Nunca antes haba estado en Hard Rock Casino, NUNCA PODR ADELANTARLO DE NUEVO!	0
El mejor desayuno buffet!	1
Di adis a tu consejo, seora!	0
Nunca iremos de nuevo.	0
Volveremos de nuevo!	1
La comida lleg rpidamente!	1
No era bueno.	0
En el lado positivo, su cafetera sirve muy buena comida.	1
Nuestro camarero fue fantstico y cuando descubri que a la esposa le encanta el ajo asado y la mdula sea, agreg ms a nuestra comida y otra mdula para llevar!	1
Lo nico bueno fue nuestro camarero, fue muy servicial y mantuvo la bloddy Mary&#39;s venir.	1
El mejor buffet de la ciudad, por el precio no se puede superar.	1
ME ENCANTARON sus mejillones cocinados en esta reduccin de vino, el pato estaba tierno y sus platos de papa estaban deliciosos.	1
Este es uno de los mejores buffets en los que he estado.	1
As que fuimos a Tigerlilly y pasamos una tarde fantstica!	1
La comida era deliciosa, nuestro camarero fue atento y agradable y nos dieron una buena oferta!	1
El ambiente es maravilloso y hay msica sonando.	1
Volveremos el prximo viaje.	1
Tan bueno !!	1
Los verdaderos amantes del sushi, seamos honestos: Yama no es tan bueno.	0
Pasaron al menos 40 minutos entre nosotros ordenando y lleg la comida, y no estaba tan ocupado.	0
Este es un restaurante tailands realmente fantstico que definitivamente vale la pena visitar.	1
Agradable, picante y tierno.	1
Buenos precios.	1
Echale un vistazo.	1
Fue bastante asqueroso!	0
He tenido mejor ambiente.	0
Un poco difcil de estropear un bistec, pero lo hicieron.	0
Aunque me gust mucho el aspecto y el sonido de este lugar, la experiencia real fue un poco decepcionante.	0
Simplemente no s cmo este lugar logr servir la comida ms blanda que he comido cuando preparan cocina india.	0
El peor servicio para arrancar, pero esa es la menor de sus preocupaciones.	0
El servicio fue bueno y la camarera fue amable.	1
Todos los chicos tenan bistecs, y nuestro hijo amante de los bistecs que ha comido bistec en los mejores y peores lugares dijo que era el mejor bistec que haba comido.	1
Pensamos que tendras que aventurarte ms lejos para conseguir un buen sushi, pero este lugar realmente dio en el clavo esa noche.	1
El personal anfitrin fue, a falta de una palabra mejor, PERRAS!	0
Bland ... No me gusta este lugar por varias razones y no quiero perder el tiempo en malas crticas ... Lo dejar as ...	0
Comida fenomenal, servicio y ambiente.	1
No volvera	0
Definitivamente vale la pena aventurarse fuera de la avenida principal para el vientre de cerdo, volveremos la prxima vez que est en Las Vegas.	1
Este lugar es demasiado caro para la comida mediocre.	0
Penne vodka excelente!	1
Tienen una buena seleccin de comida que incluye un sndwich de pastel de carne masivo, una crujiente envoltura de pollo, un delicioso atn derretido y algunas sabrosas hamburguesas.	1
La administracin es grosera.	0
Deliciosos panecillos de Nueva York, buenas selecciones de queso crema, Lox real con alcaparras incluso.	1
Gran metro, de hecho, es tan bueno cuando vienes aqu, cada otro metro no satisfar tus expectativas.	1
Tuve un desayuno realmente slido aqu.	1
Este es uno de los mejores bares con comida en Las Vegas.	1
Fue extremadamente grosero y realmente, hay muchos otros restaurantes en los que me encantara cenar durante un fin de semana en Las Vegas.	0
Mi bebida nunca estaba vaca e hizo algunas sugerencias de men realmente geniales.	1
No lo hagas!	0
El camarero no era servicial o amable y rara vez se registr en nosotros.	0
Mi esposo y yo almorzamos aqu y quedamos muy decepcionados con la comida y el servicio.	0
Y el curry rojo tena tantos brotes de bamb y no era muy sabroso para m.	0
Bonita manta de moz sobre la parte superior, pero siento que esto se hizo para cubrir la comida deficiente.	1
Los baos estn limpios y el lugar en s est bien decorado.	1
El men siempre cambia, la calidad de la comida est bajando y el servicio es extremadamente lento.	0
El servicio fue un poco lento, teniendo en cuenta que fueron atendidos por servidores de 3 personas, por lo que la comida llegaba a un ritmo lento.	0
Le doy 2 pulgares hacia abajo	0
Vimos a nuestro camarero prestar mucha ms atencin a otras mesas e ignorarnos.	0
Mi prometido y yo vinimos a mitad del da y nos saludaron y nos sentaron de inmediato.	1
Este es un gran restaurante en el Mandalay Bay.	1
Esperamos cuarenta y cinco minutos en vano.	0
Crostini que vino con la ensalada estaba rancio.	0
Algunos puntos destacados: Gran calidad de nigiri aqu!	1
El personal es amable y la articulacin siempre est limpia.	1
Este fue un corte diferente al de la pieza el otro da, pero an as maravilloso y tierno, as como bien aromatizado.	1
Ped la pasta Voodoo y fue la primera vez que tuve una pasta realmente excelente desde que me qued sin gluten hace varios aos.	1
Este lugar es bueno.	1
Desafortunadamente, debemos haber llegado a la panadera el da que quedaba porque todo lo que pedimos era STALE.	0
Regres hoy desde que se mudaron y todava no estoy impresionado.	0
Estaba sentado de inmediato.	1
Su men es variado ya un precio razonable.	1
Evtalo a toda costa!	0
El restaurante siempre est lleno pero nunca espera.	1
DELICIOSO!!	1
Este lugar es uno de los mejores lugares para comer en el rea metropolitana de Phoenix.	1
As que no vayas si buscas buena comida ...	0
Nunca me han tratado tan mal.	0
El tocino es hella salado.	1
Tambin pedimos la ensalada de espinacas y aguacate; los ingredientes estaban tristes y el aderezo literalmente tena cero sabor.	0
As es como sola ser la buena comida de Las Vegas, hasta los mens entregados a las damas que no tienen precios listados.	1
Las camareras son muy amables.	1
Lordy, el Khao Soi es un plato que no se puede perder para los amantes del curry!	1
Todo en el men es excelente y tambin nos encant que hicieron alojamientos increbles para nuestra hija vegetariana.	1
Tal vez los atrap en una noche libre a juzgar por las otras crticas, pero no estoy inspirado para volver.	0
El servicio aqu deja mucho que desear.	0
El ambiente es moderno y moderno, manteniendo un toque de comodidad.	1
No es una guarida semanal, pero definitivamente es un lugar al que volver de vez en cuando.	1
Literalmente nos quedamos all sentados durante 20 minutos sin que nadie pidiera tomar nuestro pedido.	0
La hamburguesa no tena absolutamente ningn sabor: la carne en s era totalmente blanda, la hamburguesa estaba demasiado cocida y no haba sabor a carbn.	0
Tambin decid no devolverlo porque pareca que nuestra camarera estaba a punto de sufrir un ataque cardaco.	0
Me vest para ser tratado tan groseramente!	0
Probablemente fue suciedad.	0
Me encanta este lugar, da en el clavo cuando quiero algo saludable pero sin falta de cantidad o sabor.	1
Ped el cctel de limn y hielo de frambuesa, que tambin fue increble.	1
La comida apestaba, lo que esperbamos pero apestaba ms de lo que podramos haber imaginado.	0
Interesante decoracin.	1
Lo que realmente me gusta es la estacin de crepes.	1
Tambin nos sirvieron pan caliente y mantequilla, y papas fritas caseras con trocitos de tocino ... muy original y muy bueno.	1
puedes verlos preparar la deliciosa comida!)	1
Ambos rollos de huevo eran fantsticos.	1
Cuando lleg mi pedido, faltaba uno de los giroscopios.	0
Tuve una ensalada con las alas, y un poco de helado para el postre y me fui bastante satisfecho.	1
No estoy realmente seguro de cmo Joey&#39;s fue votado como el mejor perrito caliente del Valle por los lectores de Phoenix Magazine.	0
El mejor lugar para un sabroso plato de Pho!	1
La msica en vivo los viernes suena totalmente.	0
Nunca he estado ms insultado o me han faltado el respeto.	0
Personal muy amable	1
Vale la pena el viaje.	1
Haba escuchado cosas buenas sobre este lugar, pero superaba todas las esperanzas con las que podra haber soado.	1
La comida era estupenda y el servicio tambin!	1
La cerveza tibia no ayud.	0
Gran lugar de brunch.	1
El servicio es amable y acogedor.	1
Muy buen lugar para almorzar.	1
He vivido aqu desde 1979 y esta fue la primera (y ltima) vez que pis este lugar.	0
La peor experiencia de la historia.	0
Debe haber sido una noche libre en este lugar.	0
Los lados son deliciosos: championes mixtos, pur de oro de yukn, maz blanco, beateous.	1
Si ese error nunca apareciera, habra dado un 4 seguro, pero en el otro lado de la pared donde estaba escalando el error estaba la cocina.	0
Durante unos 10 minutos, esperamos su ensalada cuando nos dimos cuenta de que no llegara pronto.	0
A mi amigo le encant el tartar de salmn.	1
No volveremos	0
Extremadamente sabroso!	1
Aunque la camarera era buena!	1
Empapado y no bueno.	0
Los mojitos jamaicanos son deliciosos.	1
Que son pequeos y no valen el precio.	0
- la comida es rica, as que ordene en consecuencia.	1
El rea de la ducha est afuera, por lo que solo puede enjuagarse, no tomar una ducha completa, a menos que no le importe estar desnudo para que todos lo vean!	0
El servicio fue un poco escaso.	0
Lobster Bisque, Bussell Sprouts, Risotto, Filet ALL necesitaban sal y pimienta ... y, por supuesto, no hay ninguno en las mesas.	0
Esperemos que esto sea un buen augurio para ellos que quiebren y que alguien que pueda cocinar pueda entrar.	0
Haca demasiado fro, no tena suficiente sabor o simplemente estaba mal.	0
Me encantaron las fechas envueltas en tocino.	1
Esta es una GANGA increble!	1
La gente de Otto siempre nos hace sentir muy bienvenidos y especiales.	1
En cuanto a los &quot;principales&quot;, tambin sin inspiracin.	0
Este es el lugar donde tuve pho por primera vez y fue increble!	1
Esta maravillosa experiencia hizo de este lugar una parada obligada siempre que volvamos a la ciudad.	1
Si la comida no es lo suficientemente mala para ti, entonces disfruta lidiando con las personas borrachas peores / molestas del mundo.	0
Muy, muy divertido chef.	1
Ped una hamburguesa doble con queso y obtuve una hamburguesa que se estaba cayendo a pedazos (imagen cargada) S, todava apesta.	0
Gran lugar para tomar un par de copas y ver todos los eventos deportivos, ya que las paredes estn cubiertas de televisores.	1
Si fuera posible darles cero estrellas, lo tendran.	0
Las descripciones decan &quot;salsa yum yum&quot; y otro deca &quot;salsa de anguila&quot;, y otro deca &quot;mayonesa picante&quot; ... bueno, NINGUNO de los panecillos tena salsas.	0
Yo dira que esa sera la decisin ms difcil ... Honestamente, todos los platos de M saben como se supone que deben saber (increble).	1
Si ella no hubiera puesto los ojos en blanco, podramos habernos quedado ... No estoy seguro de si volveremos e intentaremos de nuevo.	0
Todos estn muy atentos y brindan un excelente servicio al cliente.	1
Horrible: no pierdas tu tiempo y dinero.	0
Ahora este plato era bastante sabroso.	1
En este momento nuestro lado del restaurante estaba casi vaco, as que no haba excusa.	0
(No estaba ocupado tampoco) Adems, el edificio estaba CONGELADO por el fro.	0
como dijo el otro crtico &quot;no podras pagarme para comer en este lugar otra vez&quot;.	0
-Las bebidas tardaron cerca de 30 minutos en salir en un punto.	0
En serio sabrosas delicias, amigos.	1
Mucho mejor que el otro lugar de sushi AYCE al que fui en Las Vegas.	1
La iluminacin es lo suficientemente oscura como para crear el ambiente.	1
Segn el servicio inferior que recib y ningn esfuerzo por mostrar su gratitud por mi negocio, no volver.	0
Los propietarios son personas realmente geniales.	1
No hay nada privilegiado sobre trabajar / comer all.	0
El aderezo griego era muy cremoso y sabroso.	1
En general, no creo que vuelva a llevar a mis padres a este lugar porque hicieron la mayora de las quejas similares que tambin sent en silencio.	0
Ahora la pizza en s era buena, la salsa de man era muy sabrosa.	1
Tenamos 7 en nuestra mesa y el servicio fue bastante rpido.	1
Fantstico servicio aqu.	1
Yo tambin le habra dado a los padrinos cero estrellas si fuera posible.	0
Ellos saben cmo hacerlos aqu.	1
Muy duro y muy corto en sabor!	0
Espero que este lugar se quede.	1
He estado en ms de unos pocos bares en Las Vegas, y nunca recuerdo haber sido cobrado por el agua del grifo.	0
El ambiente del restaurante era exquisito.	1
Buen servicio, muy limpio y econmico, para empezar.	1
El marisco era fresco y generoso en porciones.	1
Adems, solo cuesta 8 dlares.	1
El servicio tampoco estaba a la altura.	0
Hasta ahora, solo he visitado dos veces y la comida era absolutamente deliciosa cada vez.	1
Tan bueno como cuando lo tuve hace ms de un ao!	1
Para un caf caf autoproclamado, estaba muy decepcionado.	0
El plato vegetariano est fuera de este mundo!	1
No te puedes equivocar con cualquiera de la comida aqu.	1
No se puede superar eso.	1
Pas por este lugar mientras estaba en Madison para el Ironman, personal muy amable y amable.	1
Los chefs fueron amables e hicieron un buen trabajo.	1
He tenido mejores, no solo de los puntos dedicados de t de boba, sino incluso de Jenni Pho.	0
Me gust el patio y el servicio fue excelente.	1
El taco de cabra no escatim en la carne y qu sabor!	1
Creo que no otra vez	0
Tuve la ensalada de mac y era bastante soso, as que no volver a tener eso otra vez.	0
Fui a Bachi Burger por recomendacin de un amigo y no me decepcion.	1
El servicio apesta aqu!	0
Esper y esper.	0
Este lugar no es sushi de calidad, no es un restaurante de calidad.	0
Definitivamente recomendara las alas, as como la pizza.	1
Gran pizza y ensaladas!	1
Cosas que salieron mal: - Quemaron el saganaki.	0
Esperamos una hora por lo que era un desayuno que podra haber hecho 100 veces mejor en casa.	0
Este lugar es asombroso!	1
Odio estar en desacuerdo con mis compaeros Yelpers, pero mi esposo y yo estbamos muy decepcionados con este lugar.	0
Esperamos 2 horas y nunca recib ninguna de nuestras pizzas como lo hicieron muchos otros que nos rodearon y vinieron ms tarde!	0
Simplemente no s por qu fueron tan lentos.	0
El personal es excelente, la comida es deliciosa, y tienen una increble seleccin de cerveza.	1
Vivo en el vecindario, as que estoy decepcionado de no volver aqu, porque es una ubicacin conveniente.	0
No saba que el cerdo desmenuzado poda ser tan delicioso.	1
Obtienes pescado increblemente fresco, preparado con cuidado.	1
Antes de explicar por qu le di una calificacin de 1 estrella, sepa que esta era la tercera vez que coma en la hamburguesa Bachi antes de escribir una resea.	0
Me encanta el hecho de que todo en su men lo vale.	1
Nunca ms volver a cenar en este lugar!	0
La comida era excelente y el servicio muy bueno.	1
Buena seleccin de cerveza y bebida y buena seleccin de comida.	1
Mantngase alejado de los camarones salteados fideos fritos.	0
El pedido de papas fritas era triste ... Probablemente podra contar cuntas papas haba en esa caja y probablemente era alrededor de las 12.	0
La comida era muy aburrida.	0
Buen servicio de verificacin!	1
Esta codiciosa corporacin NUNCA ver otra moneda de mi parte!	0
Nunca jams volver.	0
Por mucho que me gustara volver, no puedo pasar el servicio atroz y nunca volver.	0
En el verano, puede cenar en un encantador patio al aire libre, muy agradable.	1
No esperaba que esto fuera tan bueno!	1
Fantstica comida!	1
Ella pidi un panecillo ingls tostado que sali tostado.	0
La comida era muy buena.	1
Nunca volveremos	0
Buena comida por el precio, que es de muy alta calidad y casera.	1
El chico del autobs, por otro lado, fue muy grosero.	0
En este punto, mis amigos y yo bsicamente habamos descubierto que este lugar era una broma y no les importaba hacerlo pblico y en voz alta.	0
Regreso a una buena parrillada, tarifas ms ligeras, precios razonables y decirle al pblico que han vuelto a las viejas costumbres.	1
Y teniendo en cuenta que los dos nos fuimos muy llenos y felices por alrededor de $ 20, simplemente no te puedes equivocar.	1
Todo el pan est hecho en casa!	1
El nico inconveniente es el servicio.	0
Adems, las papas fritas son sin duda las peores papas fritas que he probado.	0
El servicio fue excepcional y la comida era buena como todas las crticas.	1
Un par de meses despus, regres y tuve una comida increble.	1
Lugar favorito en la ciudad para shawarrrrrrma !!!!!!	1
Los guisantes de ojo negro y las batatas ... SIN REALIDAD!	1
No te decepcionar.	1
Podran servirlo solo con la vinagreta y podra ser un mejor plato en general, pero an as era muy bueno.	1
Voy a muchos lugares y nunca he visto ningn restaurante que sirva un desayuno de 1 huevo, especialmente por $ 4.00.	0
Cuando mi madre y yo llegamos a casa, se enferm de inmediato y solo comi unos cuantos bocados de ensalada.	0
No es agradable tratar con los servidores y no siempre cumplen con los cupones de Pizza Hut.	0
Ambos fueron realmente increblemente buenos, y estoy muy contenta de que hayamos regresado.	1
Tuvimos un servicio fantstico y el ambiente nos complaci.	1
Todo fue asqueroso.	0
Amo este lugar.	1
Gran servicio y comida.	1
Primero, los baos en este lugar estaban sucios, las fundas de los asientos no se reabastecieron y simplemente asqueroso!	0
La hamburguesa ... Me dieron el &quot;Gold Standard&quot; una hamburguesa de $ 17 y me decepcion un poco.	0
Dios mo, la comida estaba deliciosa!	1
No hay nada autntico sobre este lugar.	0
El espagueti no es nada especial.	0
De todos los platos, el salmn fue el mejor, pero todos fueron geniales.	1
Las verduras son muy frescas y la salsa se siente como autntica tailandesa.	1
Vale la pena conducir desde Tucson!	1
La seleccin fue probablemente la peor que he visto en Las Vegas ... no haba ninguna.	0
Bastante buena seleccin de cerveza tambin.	1
Este lugar es como Chipotle, pero MEJOR.	1
Ambiente elegante / clido, aperitivos divertidos y frescos, filetes suculentos (filete de bisbol !!!!!	1
5 estrellas para la aplicacin de pan de horno de ladrillo!	1
He comido aqu varias veces, y cada vez la comida estaba deliciosa.	1
Nos sentamos otros diez minutos y finalmente nos rendimos y nos fuimos.	0
Fue terrible!	0
Todos son tratados igualmente especiales.	1
Los panqueques y los huevos no deberan demorar 30 minutos.	0
Estaba delicioso!!!	1
En el lado bueno, el personal fue realmente agradable y entusiasta, un verdadero placer.	1
Lamentablemente, Gordon Ramsey&#39;s Steak es un lugar que debemos evitar durante nuestro prximo viaje a Las Vegas.	0
Como siempre, la noche fue maravillosa y la comida deliciosa.	1
El mejor pescado que he probado en mi vida!	1
(El bao est justo al lado y es muy agradable).	1
El buffet es pequeo y toda la comida que ofrecan era BLAND.	0
Este es un pequeo restaurante excepcional con algunos de los mejores alimentos que he probado en mi vida.	1
Bastante bueno, dira.	1
Definitivamente un cambio para m y dudo que vuelva a menos que alguien ms est comprando.	0
El servidor hizo un gran trabajo manejando nuestra gran mesa ruidosa.	1
Considero que desperdiciar comida es despreciable, pero esto no era comida.	0
Mi esposa tena la sopa de langosta sopa que estaba tibia.	0
Volvera otra vez si tuviera un antojo de sushi en Las Vegas.	1
El personal es excelente, el ambiente es excelente.	1
Se merece 5 estrellas.	1
Me fui con dolor de estmago y me sent enfermo el resto del da.	0
Dejaron caer ms que la pelota.	0
El comedor es pequeo, pero est decorado con elegancia y es cmodo.	1
Personalizarn su pedido de la forma que desee, mi habitual es Berenjena con salteado de judas verdes, me encanta!	1
Y los frijoles y el arroz eran mediocres en el mejor de los casos.	0
Los mejores tacos de la ciudad con diferencia.	1
Recuper mi dinero y sal de all.	0
En una parte interesante de la ciudad, este lugar es increble.	1
RUDE Y GESTIN INCONSIDERADA.	0
El personal ahora no es tan amable, los tiempos de espera para ser atendidos son horribles, nadie ni siquiera saluda durante los primeros 10 minutos.	0
No volver	0
Tienen excelentes cenas.	1
El servicio fue excelente y definitivamente recomiendo el halibut.	1
La comida fue terrible.	0
NUNCA VOLVERS Y HABR CONTADO A MUCHAS PERSONAS LO QUE HABA PASADO.	0
No lo recomiendo a menos que su auto se descomponga frente a usted y se est muriendo de hambre.	0
Volver aqu cada vez que est en Las Vegas.	1
Este lugar merece una estrella y el 90% tiene que ver con la comida.	0
Esto es una desgracia.	0
Definitivamente volveremos al tazn la prxima vez	1
Si quieres comida sana autntica o tica, prueba este lugar.	1
Continuar viniendo aqu en la noche de damas y la noche de cita ... recomiendo este lugar a cualquiera que est en la zona (;	1
He estado aqu varias veces en el pasado, y la experiencia siempre ha sido excelente.	1
Nos alejamos llenos y felices por nuestra primera experiencia de buffet en Las Vegas.	1
El servicio fue excelente y los precios son bastante razonables teniendo en cuenta que esto es Las Vegas y est ubicado dentro del centro comercial Crystals by Aria.	1
Para resumir ... la comida era increble, no, trascendente ... pero nada me da tanta alegra como el recuerdo del dispensador neumtico de condimentos.	1
Probablemente soy una de las pocas personas en ir a Ians y no me gusta.	0
La pizza para nios siempre es un xito con muchas opciones excelentes de guarnicin para los nios!	1
El servicio es perfecto y el ambiente familiar es agradable de ver.	1
Cocinado a la perfeccin y el servicio fue impecable.	1
Este es simplemente una decepcin.	0
En general, qued muy decepcionado con la calidad de la comida en Bouchon.	0
No tengo que ser contable para saber que me estn jodiendo!	0
Gran lugar para comer, me recuerda a la pequea mam y tiendas de pop en el rea de la Baha de San Francisco.	1
Hoy prob un Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog y debo decirles que fue ms de lo que crea posible.	1
Se fue muy frustrado.	0
Definitivamente volver pronto.	1
La comida era muy buena y me llen bastante rpido.	1
El servicio fue fantstico.	1
PRDIDA TOTAL DE TIEMPO.	0
No s de qu tipo es, pero tienen el mejor t helado.	1
Ven con hambre, vete feliz y lleno!	1
Por servicio, no les doy estrellas.	0
Te puedo asegurar que no te decepcionar.	1
Puedo tomar un poco de mal servicio pero la comida apesta.	0
Renunci tratando de comer algo de la corteza (los dientes todava duelen).	0
Pero ahora estaba completamente asqueado.	0
Realmente disfrut comiendo aqu.	1
Primera vez, pero creo que rpidamente me convertir en un habitual.	1
Nuestro servidor fue muy agradable, y aunque pareca un poco abrumado con todas nuestras necesidades, se mantuvo profesional y amable hasta el final.	1
Por lo que me dijeron mis compaeros de cena ... todo era muy fresco con una agradable textura y sabor.	1
En el suelo, justo al lado de nuestra mesa, haba una gran pila de caca de pjaro verde, manchada, pisoteada y rastreada por todas partes.	0
Adems, ni siquiera puede encontrar horas de operacin en el sitio web!	0
Intentamos que este lugar nos guste, pero despus de ms de 10 veces creo que hemos terminado con ellos.	0
Qu gran error fue ese!	0
Sin quejas!	1
Esta es una pizza realmente buena y soy un experto / experto en el tema.	1
El camarero era un imbcil.	0
Strike 2, que quiere ser apresurado.	0
Estos son los mejores dueos de restaurantes que he conocido.	1
Nunca vuelvo otra vez.	0
Nos encantaron las galletas !!!	1
El servicio es rpido y amigable.	1
Pedimos un aperitivo y tard 40 minutos y luego la pizza otros 10 minutos.	0
Absolutamente fantstico.	1
Era una enorme y torpe pieza de vaca de 1.5 libras que tena 3/4 cuartos de cartlago y grasa.	0
Definitivamente volver aqu de nuevo.	1
Me gusta Steiners porque est oscuro y se siente como un bar.	1
Wow muy picante pero delicioso.	1
Si no ests familiarizado, chale un vistazo.	1
Me llevar los dlares de mi cena de negocios a otra parte.	0
Me encantara volver	1
De todos modos, este restaurante FS tiene un maravilloso desayuno / almuerzo.	1
Nada especial.	0
Cada da de la semana tienen un trato diferente y todo es tan delicioso!	1
Sin mencionar que la combinacin de peras, almendras y tocino es un gran ganador!	1
No volveremos.	0
La salsa era inspida.	0
La comida es deliciosa y lo suficientemente picante, as que asegrese de pedir ms picante si as lo prefiere.	1
Mi chuletn estaba perfectamente preparado y tena un gran sabor de mezquite.	1
No creo que volvamos pronto.	0
La comida era muy buena.	1
Estoy lejos de ser un conocedor de sushi, pero definitivamente puedo notar la diferencia entre la buena comida y la mala comida, y ciertamente fue mala comida.	0
Estaba muy insultado.	0
Las ltimas 3 veces que almorc aqu han sido malas.	0
Las alitas de pollo contenan la carne de pollo ms seca que he comido.	0
La comida era muy buena y disfrut cada bocado, un lugar agradable y relajado para parejas, pequeos grupos familiares, etc.	1
Nargile - Creo que eres genial.	1
Los mejores tater tots en el suroeste.	1
Nos encant el lugar.	1
Definitivamente no vale los $ 3 que pagu.	0
El helado de vainilla era cremoso y suave, mientras que la pasta profiterole (choux) estaba lo suficientemente fresca.	1
Estoy en AZ todo el tiempo y ahora tengo mi nuevo lugar.	1
El gerente fue lo peor.	0
El interior es realmente bastante agradable y muy limpio.	1
La comida era excelente y los precios eran muy razonables.	1
No creo que vuelva a Carly&#39;s pronto para comer.	0
Esto se debi al hecho de que tom 20 minutos para ser reconocido, luego otros 35 minutos para obtener nuestra comida ... y se olvidaron de las cosas.	0
Me encantan las margaritas, tambin!	1
Este fue mi primer y nico buffet de Las Vegas y no me decepcion.	1
Muy bien, sin embargo!	1
La nica nota es que la ventilacin podra mejorar un poco.	0
Gran sandwich de carne de cerdo.	1
No pierdas tu tiempo aqu.	0
Decepcin total, preferira simplemente ir a la tienda de flores Camelback y al Caf Cartel.	0
Tercero, el queso en la hamburguesa de mi amigo estaba fro.	0
Disfrutamos su pizza y brunch.	1
Los filetes estn bien recortados y tambin perfectamente cocinados.	1
Tenamos un grupo de ms de 70 cuando afirmamos que solo tendramos 40 y nos trataron muy bien.	1
Me encant!	1
Pedimos que la factura se fuera sin comer y tampoco la trajeron.	0
Este lugar es una joya en Las Vegas, y es exactamente lo que esperaba encontrar en casi diez aos viviendo aqu.	1
El marisco se limitaba a camarones hervidos y patas de cangrejo, pero las patas de cangrejo definitivamente no saban frescas.	0
La seleccin de comida no fue la mejor.	0
Delicioso y absolutamente volver!	1
Este no es un pequeo restaurante familiar, es un buen restaurante.	1
Tenan un toro tartare con un cavier que era extraordinario y me gust el wagyu en rodajas finas con trufa blanca.	1
No creo que vuelva por mucho tiempo.	0
Estaba conectado a una estacin de servicio, y eso rara vez es una buena seal.	0
Qu asombroso es eso.	1
Volver muchas veces pronto.	1
El men tena tantas cosas buenas que no poda decidir!	1
Lo peor de todo, humill a su trabajador justo en frente de m ... Montn de horribles insultos.	0
CONCLUSIN: Comidas muy abundantes.	1
Sus especiales diarios son siempre un xito con mi grupo.	1
Y entonces la tragedia golpe.	0
El panqueque tambin era muy bueno y bastante grande.	1
Esta fue mi primera experiencia de langosta, y estaba deliciosa!	1
Su monstruo pollo frito filete y huevos es mi favorito de todos los tiempos.	1
La camarera era dulce y divertida.	1
Tambin tuve que probar los panqueques de calabaza de granos mltiples de mi mam con mantequilla de nuez y fueron increbles, esponjosos y deliciosos!	1
Prefiero comer comida de aerolneas, en serio.	0
No puedo decir suficientes cosas buenas sobre este lugar.	1
El ambiente fue increble.	1
La camarera y el gerente son muy amables.	1
Yo no recomendara este lugar.	0
En general, no estaba muy impresionado con Noca.	0
Mi giroscopio era bsicamente lechuga solamente.	0
Psimo servicio!	0
Completamente decepcionado!	0
No tomo mucha pasta, pero me encantan las pastas caseras / hechas a mano y las pizzas finas aqu.	1
Prubalo, estars feliz de haberlo hecho.	1
De lejos, los mejores quesos que hemos tenido!	1
A un precio razonable tambin!	1
Todo fue perfecto la noche que estuvimos.	1
La comida es muy buena para su comida tpica de bar.	1
fue un camino para llegar all.	0
A primera vista, es un encantador caf de panadera, buen ambiente, limpio, personal amable.	1
De todos modos, no creo que vuelva all.	0
Apunte con el dedo a cualquier elemento del men, ordnelo y no se sentir decepcionado.	1
Oh, esto es una belleza, este restaurante.	1
Si no has ido aqu, AHORA!	1
Una comida grasosa y poco saludable.	0
primera vez all y podra ser la ltima.	0
Esas hamburguesas eran increbles.	1
Del mismo modo, el repartidor no dijo una palabra de disculpa cuando nuestra comida lleg 45 minutos tarde.	0
Y era demasiado caro.	0
Asegrese de pedir el postre, incluso si necesita empacarlo para llevar: el tiramis y los cannoli son para morirse.	1
Esta fue mi primera vez y no puedo esperar hasta la prxima.	1
El camarero tambin fue agradable.	1
Todo estaba bueno y sabroso!	1
Este lugar est a dos pulgares arriba ... muy arriba.	1
El mejor lugar en Las Vegas para el desayuno (solo echa un vistazo a un sbado o un domingo).	1
Si te encanta la autntica comida mexicana y quieres un montn de carnes interesantes pero deliciosas para elegir, debes probar este lugar.	1
Terrible manejo.	0
Un excelente restaurante nuevo por un francs experimentado.	1
Si hubiera cero estrellas, le dara cero estrellas.	0
Gran bistec, excelentes lados, excelente vino, postres increbles.	1
El peor martini de todos!	0
El bistec y los camarones son, en mi opinin, los mejores entrantes en GC.	1
Hoy tuve la oportunidad de probar sus increbles pizzas!	1
Esperamos treinta minutos para estar sentados (aunque haba 8 mesas vacas y ramos los nicos que esperaban).	0
El carpaccio de cola amarilla se derriti en su boca fresca.	1
No intentar volver all aunque est vaco.	0
No, voy a comer la papa que encontr algunos extraos pelos en ella.	0
Slo lo suficientemente picante ... Perfecto en realidad.	1
Anoche fue mi segunda vez cenando aqu y estaba tan feliz que decid volver!	1
ni siquiera un &quot;hola, estaremos bien contigo&quot;.	0
Los postres eran un poco extraos.	0
Mi novio y yo vinimos aqu por primera vez en un viaje reciente a Las Vegas y no podramos haber estado ms satisfechos con la calidad de la comida y el servicio.	1
Realmente recomiendo este lugar, puedes equivocarte con este lugar de donas!	1
Buen ambiente	1
Recomendara ahorrar espacio para esto!	1
Supongo que tal vez nos fuimos de noche pero fue vergonzoso.	0
Sin embargo, mi experiencia reciente en este lugar en particular no fue tan buena.	0
S que esto no es como los otros restaurantes, algo est muy mal aqu!	0
EVITE ESTE ESTABLECIMIENTO!	0
Creo que este restaurante sufre por no esforzarse lo suficiente.	0
Todos los platos de tapas estaban deliciosos!	1
Yo * corazn * este lugar.	1
Mi ensalada tena una suave vinagreta en los baby green y palmito.	0
Despus de las dos me sent asqueroso.	0
Un buen momento!	1
Creo que este lugar es una gran parada para aquellos con una gran barriga y con ganas de sushi.	1
Porciones generosas y buen gusto.	1
Nunca volver a este lugar y nunca recomendar este lugar a nadie!	0
Los servidores iban y venan varias veces, ni siquiera un &quot;Te estn ayudando?&quot;	0
La comida estaba deliciosa!	1
UNA HORA ... en serio?	0
Considero este robo.	0
Eew ... Esta ubicacin necesita una revisin completa.	0
Recientemente, tambin fuimos testigos de su mala calidad de gestin hacia otros huspedes.	0
Esper y esper y esper.	0
l tambin volvi a visitarnos regularmente, excelente servicio.	1
Nuestro servidor fue muy agradable y nos registr muchas veces.	1
La pizza saba vieja, sper masticable de una buena manera.	0
Me di la vuelta para intentarlo, pero estaba profundamente decepcionado.	0
El servicio fue bueno y la compaa mejor!	1
El personal tambin es muy amable y eficiente.	1
En cuanto al servicio: soy fantico, porque es rpido y algunas buenas personas te estn atendiendo.	1
Chico, ese tonto estaba seco!	0
Sobrevalorado.	0
Si buscas autntica comida tailandesa, ve a otro lugar.	0
Sus filetes son 100% recomendados!	1
Despus de que detuve mi auto, esper otros 15 minutos antes de ser reconocido.	0
Buena comida y buen servicio en un entorno limpio y agradable.	1
En general, te puedo asegurar que volver.	1
Odio esas cosas tanto como las aceitunas negras de calidad barata.	0
Mi desayuno fue excelente, con una hermosa presentacin de 3 rebanadas gigantes de pan tostado, ligeramente espolvoreadas con azcar en polvo.	1
El rea de juegos para nios es desagradable.	0
Gran lugar para llevar o comer.	1
La camarera fue amable y feliz de complacer a las opciones veganas / vegetarianas.	1
Dios mo, sent que nunca haba comido comida tailandesa hasta este plato.	1
Fue extremadamente &quot;migaja&quot; y bastante inspido.	0
Era un color plido en lugar de agradable y carbonizado y no tiene sabor.	0
Los picatostes tambin saben caseros, lo cual es una ventaja adicional.	1
Llegu a casa para ver las alas ms secas del mundo!	0
Ser una parada regular en mis viajes a Phoenix!	1
Realmente disfrut de Crema Caf antes de que se expandieran; Incluso les dije a mis amigos que tenan el MEJOR desayuno.	1
No es bueno para el dinero.	0
Lo extrao y deseara que tuvieran uno en Filadelfia!	1
Nos sentamos bastante rpido, pero terminamos esperando 40 minutos para hacer nuestro pedido, otros 30 minutos antes de que llegara la comida.	0
Tambin tienen el mejor queso crujiente de la ciudad.	1
Buena relacin calidad-precio, excelente comida, excelente servicio.	1
No podra pedir una comida ms satisfactoria.	1
La comida es buena.	1
Fue asombroso.	1
Solo quera irme.	0
Hicimos el viaje desde North Scottsdale ... y no me decepcion un poco!	1
No volver a comer all de nuevo.	0
! .... LOS PROPIETARIOS REALMENTE DEBEN dejar de ser taaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan djenlos envolver mi maldito sndwich en dos papeles, no en uno!	0
Revis este lugar hace un par de aos y no me impresion.	0
El pollo que consegu estaba definitivamente recalentado y solo estaba bien, las cuas estaban fras y empapadas.	0
Lo siento, no recibir comida de aqu pronto :(	0
Una visita obligada absoluta!	1
Los tacos de lengua y mejilla de vaca son increbles.	1
A mi amigo no le gustaba su Bloody Mary.	0
A pesar de lo difcil que califico a las empresas, en realidad es raro que le otorgue una estrella.	0
Realmente quieren que su experiencia sea buena.	1
No volver	0
Tuve el pollo Pho y saba muy soso.	0
Muy decepcionante!!!	0
El pollo a la parrilla estaba tan tierno y amarillo por el condimento de azafrn.	1
un viaje en automvil significa que no desea esperar media hora para su comida, pero de alguna manera cuando terminamos yendo aqu nos hacen esperar y esperar.	0
Un lugar bastante asombroso.	1
El ambiente es perfecto.	1
La mejor de las suertes para el rudo y no cliente servicio centrado en la nueva administracin.	0
Cualquier abuela puede hacer un pollo asado mejor que este.	0
Ped varias veces la lista de vinos y despus de un tiempo de ser ignorada fui a la anfitriona y consegu una.	0
El personal siempre es muy amable y servicial, lo cual es especialmente genial cuando traes dos nios pequeos y un beb!	1
Cuatro estrellas por la comida y el chico de la camisa azul por su gran ambiente y an nos deja comer!	1
El sndwich de carne asada saba muy bien!	1
La misma tarde, l y yo estamos drsticamente enfermos.	0
Pollo de alta calidad en el pollo Ensalada Csar.	1
La hamburguesa pedida rara entr, lo haremos.	0
Nos saludaron y nos sentaron rpidamente.	1
Intent ir a almorzar aqu y era un manicomio.	0
Este sushi bar me demostr que estaba equivocado, no solo porque la calidad es excelente, sino que el servicio es rpido y la comida impecable.	1
Despus de esperar una hora y estar sentado, no estaba de muy buen humor.	0
Esta es una buena articulacin.	1
Los Macarons aqu son increblemente buenos.	1
No estoy comiendo aqu!	0
Nuestro camarero fue muy atento, amable e informativo.	1
Tal vez si no estuvieran fros habran sido algo comestibles.	0
Este lugar tiene muchas promesas pero no cumple.	0
Muy mala experiencia!	0
Qu error.	0
La comida era normal en el mejor de los casos.	0
Buena comida.	1
No volveremos pronto!	0
Muy, muy decepcionado orden el $ 35 Big Bay Plater.	0
Gran lugar para relajarse y tomar una hamburguesa y cerveza increble.	1
Es PERFECTO para una comida familiar sentada o reunirse con algunos amigos.	1
No hay mucho sabor para ellos, y est muy mal construido.	0
Los asientos del patio eran muy cmodos.	1
El arroz frito estaba seco tambin.	0
Sin duda mi restaurante italiano favorito!	1
Eso solo GRITA &quot;LEGITO&quot; en mi libro ... algo que tambin es bastante raro aqu en Las Vegas.	1
Simplemente no fue una experiencia divertida.	1
El ambiente era genial con un do encantador de violinistas tocando canciones que solicitamos.	1
Personalmente me encanta el hummus, pita, baklava, falafels y Baba Ganoush (es increble lo que hacen con las berenjenas!).	1
Muy conveniente, ya que nos quedamos en el MGM!	1
Los propietarios son muy amables y el personal es corts.	1
Ambos geniales!	1
Seleccin eclctica.	1
Las batatas eran buenas, pero los aros de cebolla eran perfectos o tan cercanos como he tenido.	1
El personal fue muy atento.	1
Y el chef fue generoso con su tiempo (incluso vino dos veces para que podamos tomar fotos con l).	1
El propietario sola trabajar en Nobu, por lo que este lugar es muy similar por la mitad del precio.	1
Google mediocre e imagino que Smashburger aparecer.	0
no vayas aqu	0
Prometo que no decepcionarn.	1
Como amante del sushi, evita este lugar por todos los medios.	0
Qu gran hamburguesa doble con queso!	1
Impresionante servicio y comida.	1
Una joya de barrio fantstica!	1
No puedo esperar a regresar.	1
Los pltanos fueron los peores que he probado en mi vida.	0
Es un gran lugar y lo recomiendo encarecidamente.	1
El servicio fue lento y no atento.	0
Le di 5 estrellas entonces, y ahora le doy 5 estrellas.	1
Su personal pasa ms tiempo hablando consigo mismo que yo.	0
Postre: Panna Cotta fue increble.	1
Muy buena comida, buen ambiente.	1
Maldicin buen bistec.	1
Brunch total falla.	0
Los precios son muy razonables, los sabores son perfectos, la salsa es casera y la ensalada no est baada en mayonesa.	1
La decoracin es agradable, y la banda sonora de la msica de piano es agradable.	1
El bistec fue increble ... rge filete relleno fue el mejor plato de mariscos que he tenido!	1
Buena comida, buen servicio.	1
Fue absolutamente asombroso.	1
Probablemente no volver, para ser honesto.	0
Definitivamente volveremos!	1
El sndwich de carne de res de pimienta con salsa auju tambin es un excelente sndwich.	1
Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic y Pineapple Delight son los batidos que he probado hasta ahora y todos estn bien.	1
Fuimos a almorzar, el servicio fue lento.	0
Tenamos mucho que decir sobre el lugar antes de entrar que esperaba que fuera increble, pero se decepcion rpidamente.	0
Estaba mortificado	0
No hace falta decir que nunca volveremos aqu de nuevo.	0
De todos modos, la comida definitivamente no se estaba llenando en absoluto, y por el precio que pagas, debes esperar ms.	0
Las virutas que salieron estaban goteando grasa, y en su mayora no comestibles.	0
No estaba realmente impresionado con Strip Steak.	0
He estado yendo desde 2007 y cada comida ha sido increble!	1
Nuestro camarero era muy agradable y atento, al igual que el otro personal de servicio.	1
El cajero fue amable e incluso me trajo la comida.	1
Trabajo en la industria hotelera en Paradise Valley y me he abstenido de recomendar Cibo por ms tiempo.	0
El ambiente aqu es divertido.	1
No se lo recomendara a otros.	0
El servicio es rpido e incluso los pedidos &quot;para llevar&quot; son como nos gustan.	1
Quiero decir, cmo te vuelves tan famoso por tu pescado y patatas fritas cuando es tan terrible?	0
Dicho esto, nuestras bocas y vientres todava estaban bastante complacidos.	1
No es lo mio.	0
2 pulgares arriba!	1
Si ests leyendo esto, no vayas all.	0
Me encant la pizza a la parrilla, me record a la pizza italiana legtima.	1
Solo ventajas: gran rea de asientos / agradable rea de bar / excelente men de bebidas simple / La MEJOR pizza de horno de ladrillo con masa casera!	1
Tienen un ambiente realmente agradable.	1
Esta noche tuve el especial Elk Filet ... y apestaba.	0
Despus de un mordisco, me enganch.	1
Pedimos algunos clsicos antiguos y algunos platos nuevos despus de ir all varias veces y quedamos muy decepcionados con todo.	0
Lindo, pintoresco, simple, honesto.	1
El pollo estaba deliciosamente sazonado y tena la fritura perfecta por fuera y el pollo hmedo por dentro.	1
La comida era genial como siempre, felicitaciones al chef.	1
Un agradecimiento especial a Dylan T. por la recomendacin sobre qu pedir :) Todo delicioso para mi barriga.	1
Impresionante seleccin de cerveza.	1
Buena comida y un servicio increble!	1
Una cosa buena fue que agregaron propina en la factura ya que nuestra fiesta era ms grande que 6 u 8, y no esperaban ms propina que eso.	1
Una mosca estaba en mi jugo de manzana.	0
El pollo Han Nan tambin era muy sabroso.	1
En cuanto al servicio, pens que era bueno.	1
La comida era apenas tibia, por lo que debe haber estado sentado esperando que el servidor nos la traiga.	0
Ryan&#39;s Bar es definitivamente un establecimiento de Edimburgo que no volver a visitar.	0
El mejor restaurante chino que he estado en mucho tiempo.	1
En general, me gusta la comida y el servicio.	1
Ahora tambin sirven pan naan indio con hummus y un poco de salsa picante de piones que estaba fuera de este mundo.	1
Probablemente nunca vuelva, y no lo recomendara.	0
La pasta de un amigo, tambin mala, apenas la toc.	0
Prubelos en el aeropuerto para experimentar una sabrosa comida y un servicio rpido y amable.	1
Me encanta la decoracin con el papel de pared de caligrafa china.	1
Nunca tuve nada de qu quejarse aqu.	1
El restaurante est muy limpio y tiene un ambiente familiar.	1
Estaba muy frito.	0
No estoy seguro de cunto tiempo estuvimos all, pero fue suficiente para que comenzara a sentirme torpemente fuera de lugar.	0
Cuando abr el emparedado, me impresion, pero no en el buen sentido.	0
No volveremos!	0
Hubo una sensacin clida con el servicio y me sent como su invitado para un regalo especial.	1
Un amplio men ofrece muchas opciones para el desayuno.	1
Siempre pido del men vegetariano durante la cena, que tiene una amplia gama de opciones para elegir.	1
He visto cmo aumentan sus precios, las porciones se hacen ms pequeas y las actitudes de gestin crecen rpidamente!	0
Las maravillosas tapas pequeas y el ambiente me hicieron sentir clido y confuso por dentro.	1
Pude disfrutar de la ensalada de mariscos, con un fabuloso vinegrette.	1
Los wontons eran delgados, no gruesos y masticables, casi se derriten en la boca.	1
El nivel 5 picante era perfecto, donde las especias no abrumaron la sopa.	1
Nos sentamos justo a tiempo y nuestro servidor desde el principio fue fantstico!	1
Lo principal que no disfrut es que la multitud es de mayor edad, alrededor de los 30 y ms.	0
Cuando est en este lado de la ciudad, este ser definitivamente un lugar al que volver a golpear.	1
Tuve que esperar ms de 30 minutos para obtener mi bebida y ms tiempo para obtener 2 arepas.	0
Este es un excelente lugar para comer!	1
El tocino jalapeo es tan bueno.	1
El servicio era pobre y eso es ser agradable.	0
La comida era buena, el servicio era bueno, los precios eran buenos.	1
El lugar no estaba limpio y la comida era tan rancia!	0
Los platos de pollo estn bien, la carne es como el cuero de los zapatos.	0
Pero el servicio fue ms que malo.	0
Estoy tan feliz de estar aqu!!!&quot;	1
Saba a tierra.	0
Uno de los pocos lugares en Phoenix al que definitivamente volvera otra vez.	1
El bloque fue asombroso.	1
Est cerca de mi casa, es discreto, no lujoso, precios asequibles, buena comida.	1
* Las sopas Hot &amp; Sour y Egg Flower fueron absolutamente 5 estrellas!	1
Mi sashimi era de mala calidad, estaba empapado y sin sabor.	0
Buen tiempo - cena familiar los domingos por la noche.	1
la comida no es sabrosa en absoluto, por no decir su &quot;verdadero estilo tradicional de Hunan&quot;.	0
Lo que me molest fue el servicio lento.	0
Los camareros de estilo son absolutamente increbles!	1
Sus margaritas congeladas son MUY azucaradas para mi gusto.	0
Estos fueron tan buenos que los pedimos dos veces.	1
En pocas palabras: 1) El restaurante huele a una combinacin de un mercado de pescado sucio y una alcantarilla.	0
La ternera de mi novia fue muy mala.	0
Lamentablemente, no fue bueno.	0
Tuve una experiencia bastante satisfactoria.	1
nete al club y recibe increbles ofertas por correo electrnico.	1
Perfecto para alguien (yo) a quien solo le gusta la cerveza helada, o en este caso, incluso ms fra.	1
Suave y sin sabor es una buena manera de describir la carne apenas tibia.	0
Las cadenas, de las que no soy fantico, superan este lugar fcilmente.	0
Los nachos son imprescindibles!	1
No volveremos	0
No tengo muchas palabras para decir sobre este lugar, pero hace todo bastante bien.	1
El personal es sper amable y muy rpido, incluso con las multitudes locas de los jurados del centro, abogados y personal de la corte.	1
Gran ambiente, servicio amable y rpido.	1
Cuando recib mi Pita, era enorme, tena mucha carne, as que pulgares arriba.	1
Una vez que llega tu comida es meh.	0
Pagar $ 7.85 por un hot dog y papas fritas que parece que sali de la comida de un nio en el Wienerschnitzel no es mi idea de una buena comida.	0
El clsico Maine Lobster Roll fue fantstico.	1
Mi cuado que trabaja en el centro comercial comi aqu el mismo da, y adivina qu estuvo enfermo toda la noche tambin.	0
Tan bueno que voy a tener que revisar este lugar dos veces, una vez como un homenaje al lugar y otra como un homenaje a un evento celebrado aqu anoche.	1
Las patatas fritas y la salsa eran realmente buenas, la salsa era muy fresca.	1
Este lugar es genial !!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
Comida mediocre.	0
Una vez que entre, quedar impresionado con el lugar.	1
Estoy super cabreado	0
Y el servicio fue muy amable.	1
Por qu estas verduras tristes estn tan poco cocidas?	0
Este lugar fue una agradable sorpresa!	1
Estaban doradas y crujientes y deliciosas.	1
Tena muchas esperanzas en este lugar ya que las hamburguesas se cocinan sobre una parrilla de carbn, pero desafortunadamente el sabor cay muy, muy plano.	0
Podra comer su bruschetta todo el da, es divino.	1
Ni un solo empleado sali a ver si estbamos bien o incluso si necesitbamos una recarga de agua una vez que finalmente nos sirvieron nuestra comida.	0
Por ltimo, los palitos de mozzarella, fueron lo mejor que pedimos.	1
La primera vez que vine aqu tuve una experiencia increble, todava le digo a la gente lo increble que era el pato.	1
El servidor fue muy negligente con nuestras necesidades y nos hizo sentir muy incmodos ... No recomendara este lugar!	0
Sin embargo, el servicio fue terrible.	0
Este lugar es caro, no es coherente con su boba, y realmente es demasiado caro!	0
Estaba lleno!	0
Amo este lugar.	1
Puedo decir que los postres estaban deliciosos.	1
La comida fue terrible.	0
La fruta de temporada era pur de durazno blanco fresco.	1
Segua empeorando cada vez ms, as que ahora oficialmente he terminado.	0
Este lugar honestamente debera explotar.	0
Pero definitivamente no volvera a comer aqu de nuevo.	0
No malgastes tu dinero aqu!	0
Me encanta que pongan su comida en buenos recipientes de plstico en lugar de meterla en pequeas cajas de papel para llevar.	1
La crepe era delicada, delgada y hmeda.	1
Psimo servicio.	0
Nunca ms volver aqu.	0
La calidad de la comida ha sido horrible.	0
Por ese precio, puedo pensar en un lugar al que preferira haber ido.	0
El servicio aqu es justo en el mejor de los casos.	0
Me encanta el sushi, pero descubr que Kabuki es demasiado caro, excesivo y con pocos servicios.	0
Hazte un favor y mantente alejado de este plato.	0
Muy mal servicio.	0
Nadie en la mesa pens que la comida estaba por encima de la media o vali la pena la espera que tuvimos.	0
El mejor servicio y comida, Mara, nuestro servidor fue tan bueno y amable que hizo nuestro da.	1
Fueron excelentes.	1
Pagu la cuenta pero no di propina porque sent que el servidor hizo un trabajo terrible.	0
Acabo de almorzar aqu y tuve una gran experiencia.	1
Nunca he tenido una comida tan suave que me sorprendi teniendo en cuenta que el artculo que lemos se centr tanto en sus especias y sabor.	0
La comida es demasiado cara y las porciones son jodidamente pequeas.	0
Recientemente prob Caballero&#39;s y he vuelto todas las semanas desde entonces!	1
por 40 dlares por cabeza, realmente espero una mejor comida.	0
La comida sali a buen ritmo.	1
Com all dos veces en mi ltima visita, y disfrut especialmente la ensalada de salmn.	1
No volver	0
No podamos creer lo sucias que estaban las ostras!	0
Este lugar no merece estrellas.	0
Yo no recomendara este lugar.	0
De hecho, voy a redondear a 4 estrellas, solo porque ella era increble.	1
Para mi incredulidad, cada plato calific como la peor versin de estos alimentos que he probado en mi vida.	0
Mal da o no, tengo una tolerancia muy baja para las personas groseras de servicio al cliente, es tu trabajo ser amable y educado, lavar los platos de otra manera!	0
las papas eran geniales y tambin la galleta.	1
Probablemente no volvera aqu de nuevo.	0
Muy sabrosa y tiene la cantidad perfecta de calor.	1
El precio es razonable y el servicio es excelente.	1
La esposa odiaba su comida (camarones de coco), y nuestros amigos tampoco disfrutaban mucho sus comidas.	0
Mi amigo consigui los huevos rancheros y no parecan demasiado atractivos.	0
Fuimos a happy hour, gran lista de vinos.	1
Algunos pueden decir que este buffet es caro, pero creo que obtienes lo que pagas y este lugar obtienes bastante!	1
Probablemente no volver aqu.	0
La peor comida / servicio que he tenido en mucho tiempo.	0
Este lugar es bastante bueno, agradable ambiente en el restaurante.	1
Hablemos de un excelente servicio al cliente, por supuesto, volveremos.	1
Los platos calientes no estn calientes, los platos fros estn cerca de la temperatura ambiente. Observ al personal preparar la comida con las MANOS DESNUDAS, sin guantes. Todo est frito en aceite.	0
Me encantan sus papas fritas y sus frijoles.	1
Siempre es un placer tratar con l.	1
Tienen una gran cantidad de ensaladas y sndwiches, y todo lo que he probado obtiene mi sello de aprobacin.	1
Este lugar es increble si quieres algo ligero y saludable durante el verano.	1
Para sushi en el Strip, este es el lugar para ir.	1
El servicio fue excelente, incluso el gerente vino y ayud con nuestra mesa.	1
La sensacin del comedor era ms un curso de cocina universitaria que una cena de clase alta y el servicio fue lento en el mejor de los casos.	0
Comenc esta revisin con dos estrellas, pero la estoy editando para darle solo una.	0
Este es el peor sushi que he comido adems de Costco&#39;s.	0
En general, un excelente restaurante resaltado por un excelente servicio, un men nico y un entorno hermoso.	1
Mi novio y yo nos sentamos en el bar y tuvimos una experiencia completamente encantadora.	1
Ambiente extrao de los propietarios.	0
Apenas haba carne.	0
He tenido mejores panecillos de la tienda de comestibles.	0
Ir al lugar para giroscopios.	1
Amo al dueo / chef, su nico amigo japons autntico!	1
Ahora las hamburguesas no son tan buenas, la pizza que sola ser increble es pastosa y sin sabor.	0
Encontr un pedazo de alambre de seis pulgadas de largo en mi salsa.	0
El servicio era terrible, la comida era mediocre.	0
Definitivamente lo disfrutamos.	1
Ped sopa Albondigas, que estaba tibia, y saba a sopa de tomate con albndigas congeladas.	0
En tres ocasiones diferentes ped bien hecho o medio bien, y las tres veces recib el pedazo de carne ms sangriento en mi plato.	0
Tuve unos dos bocados y me negu a comer ms.	0
El servicio fue extremadamente lento.	0
Despus de 20 minutos de espera, consegu una mesa.	0
En serio asesino caliente chai latte.	1
No hay advertencias de alergia en el men, y la camarera no tena ni idea de qu comidas contenan o no man.	0
Mi novio prob la ensalada mediterrnea de pollo y se enamor.	1
Sus cervezas giratorias de barril tambin son lo ms destacado de este lugar.	1
El precio es un poco preocupante en Mellow Mushroom.	0
El peor tailands.	0
Si te quedas en Las Vegas debes desayunar aqu al menos una vez.	1
Primero quiero decir que nuestro servidor fue excelente y que tuvimos un servicio perfecto.	1
Las selecciones de pizza son buenas.	1
Tom t de fresa, que estaba bueno	1
Muy poco profesional y grosero con un cliente fiel!	0
En general, una gran experiencia.	1
Gasta tu dinero en otro lado.	0
Su pan tostado regular era igualmente satisfactorio con las ocasionales palmaditas de mantequilla ... Mmmm ...!	1
El buffet en Bellagio estaba lejos de lo que esperaba.	0
Y las bebidas son DBIL, gente!	0
-Mi pedido no fue correcto.	0
Adems, siento que las fichas se compran, no se hacen en casa.	0
Despus de la cena decepcionante fuimos a otro lugar para el postre.	0
Las papas fritas y sals aqu es increble !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!	1
No volveremos	0
Este es mi nuevo lugar favorito de buffet en Las Vegas.	1
En serio, no puedo creer que el propietario tenga tantos empleados sin experiencia que todos corren como gallinas con la cabeza cortada.	0
Muy muy triste.	0
Me sent insultado e irrespetado, cmo podra hablar y juzgar a otro ser humano as?	0
Cmo puedes llamarte un asador si no puedes cocinar un bistec adecuadamente, no lo entiendo!	0
No estoy impresionado con el concepto o la comida.	0
Lo nico por lo que no estaba demasiado loco era su guacamole, ya que no me gusta el pur.	0
Realmente no hay nada para m en postinos, espero que tu experiencia sea mejor	0
Tengo intoxicacin alimentaria aqu en el buffet.	0
Trajeron un nuevo lote de papas fritas y estaba pensando que s algo clido, pero no!	0
Lo que DEBERA haber sido una hilarante y deliciosa cena de Nochebuena para recordar fue el mayor fracaso de todo el viaje para nosotros.	0
No hace falta decir que no volver pronto.	0
Este lugar es asqueroso!	0
Cada vez que como aqu, veo un trabajo en equipo a un nivel profesional.	1
El calamares al estilo de RI fue una broma.	0
Sin embargo, haba tanto ajo en la fondue que apenas era comestible.	0
Apenas poda soportar la comida, pero no me quej porque era un almuerzo de negocios.	0
Fue tan malo que haba perdido el corazn para terminarlo.	0
Tambin le llev una eternidad traernos el cheque cuando lo solicitamos.	0
No somos nosotros para hacer una escena en los restaurantes, pero simplemente no lo entiendo ... definitivamente perd el amor despus de este!	0
Experiencia decepcionante.	0
La comida est a la altura de Denny&#39;s, es decir, nada bueno.	0
Si quieres esperar comida mediocre y un servicio francamente terrible, entonces este es el lugar para ti.	0
WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy sobrevalorado es todo lo que estoy diciendo.	0
No volveremos	0
El lugar estaba bastante limpio, pero la comida simplemente no vala la pena.	0
Este lugar careca de estilo!	0
La sangra era aproximadamente la mitad de un vaso de vino lleno y costaba $ 12, ridculo.	0
No te molestes en venir aqu.	0
La carne estaba bastante seca, tuve la pechuga en rodajas y saqu el cerdo.	0
El edificio en s parece bastante limpio; El bao es bastante extrao, pero no volvera a comer aqu.	0
Fue igualmente horrible.	0
Probablemente no tenga prisa por volver.	0
muy lento para sentarse incluso con reserva.	0
No es bueno por ningn tramo de la imaginacin.	0
La salsa de crema de anacardo era suave y las verduras estaban poco cocidas.	0
La salsa de salsa chipolte ranch era inspida, pareca delgada y aguada sin calor.	0
Era un poco demasiado dulce, no muy picante y careca de sabor.	0
Yo estaba muy decepcionado!!	0
Este lugar es horrible y demasiado caro.	0
Tal vez sea solo su comida vegetariana, pero he estado dos veces y pens que era normal en el mejor de los casos.	0
No estaba ocupado en absoluto y ahora sabemos por qu.	0
Las mesas afuera tambin estn sucias la mayor parte del tiempo y los trabajadores no siempre son amables y serviciales con el men.	0
El ambiente aqu no se senta como un ambiente de buffet, sino ms bien como un jardn interior tonto para t y galletas.	0
Con: servicio irregular.	0
Las papas fritas no estaban calientes, y tampoco mi hamburguesa.	0
Pero luego volvieron fros.	0
Luego sali nuestra comida, sobrevino la decepcin.	0
La verdadera decepcin fue nuestro camarero.	0
Mi esposo dijo que era muy grosera ... ni siquiera se disculp por la mala comida ni nada.	0
La nica razn para comer aqu sera llenar antes de una noche de borracheras solo para obtener algunos carbohidratos en el estmago.	0
Insultos, profundos deuchebaggery, y tuve que salir a tomar un descanso para fumar mientras serva solo para solidificarlo.	0
Si alguien pide dos tacos, no cree que puede ser parte del servicio al cliente preguntar si es un combo o un carrito de compras?	0
Estaba bastante decepcionada, aunque hay que echarle la culpa a su puerta.	0
Despus de todas las crticas favorables, no poda esperar para comer aqu ... qu decepcin!	0
Del Taco es bastante desagradable y debe evitarse si es posible.	0
NO es difcil hacer una hamburguesa decente.	0
Pero no me gusta.	0
Diablos no, volver	0
Hemos recibido un servicio mucho mejor en la pizzera de al lado que los servicios que recibimos de este restaurante.	0
No s cul es la gran cosa acerca de este lugar, pero no volver &quot;todos ustedes&quot;.	0
Inmediatamente dije que quera hablar con el gerente, pero no quera hablar con el tipo que estaba disparando bolas de fuego detrs de la barra.	0
El ambiente no es mucho mejor.	0
Desafortunadamente, solo nos prepar para la decepcin con nuestros entrantes.	0
La comida no era buena.	0
Tus servidores apestan, espera, correccin, nuestro servidor Heimer apesta.	0
Lo que sucedi despus fue bastante ... desagradable.	0
lstima porque s que es propiedad de una familia, realmente quera que me gustara este lugar.	0
Demasiado caro para lo que ests recibiendo.	0
Vomit en el bao a mitad del almuerzo.	0
Segu mirando la hora y pronto se haban convertido en 35 minutos, pero an no haba comida.	0
He estado en muy pocos lugares para comer a los que nunca regresara, y esto encabeza la lista.	0
Comenzamos con el sashimi de atn que era de color marrn y obviamente no era fresco.	0
La comida estaba por debajo de la media.	0
Seguro que supera a los nachos en el cine, pero esperara un poco ms viniendo de un restaurante.	0
En general, la baha de Ha Long fue un fracaso.	0
El problema que tengo es que cobran $ 11.99 por un sndwich que no es ms grande que un submarino Subway (que ofrece una mejor y ms cantidad de verduras).	0
Camarones: cuando lo desenvolv (vivo a solo 1/2 milla de Brushfire) estaba literalmente helado.	0
Le faltaba sabor, pareca poco cocinado y seco.	0
Realmente es impresionante que el lugar no haya cerrado.	0
Evitara este lugar si te alojas en el Mirage.	0
Los frijoles refritos que venan con mi comida estaban secos y crujientes y la comida era sosa.	0
Gasta tu dinero y tiempo en otro lugar.	0
Una seora en la mesa de al lado encontr una oruga verde viva en su ensalada.	0
La presentacin de la comida fue horrible.	0
No puedo decirte lo decepcionado que estaba.	0
Creo que la comida debera tener sabor y textura y ambos faltaban.	0
El apetito se fue al instante.	0
En general, no me impresion y no volvera.	0
Toda la experiencia fue decepcionante, y creo que la prxima vez iremos a Ninja Sushi.	0
Luego, como si no hubiera desperdiciado lo suficiente de mi vida all, vertieron sal en la herida extrayendo el tiempo que tard en traer el cheque.	0
Vy l khng c cch no  ti cm n vo y  M tr khi ti i bng my chuyn i.	0
Trng hp tt, gi tr xut sc.	1
Tt cho xng hm.	1
Lin kt vi Charlie cho cc cuc hi thoi ko di hn 45 vn  minutes.MAJOR!!!	0
Mic rt tuyt.	1
Ti phi dng my  sa n  xp thng hng.	0
Nu bn c hng trm hoc vi trm ln lin lc, hy tng tng nim vui khi gi tng ngi mt.	0
Nu anh l Razr ... anh phi c ci ny!	1
Khng cn phi ni, ti  lng ph tin ca mnh.	0
ng l ph tin v thi gian!	0
V cht lng m thanh rt tuyt.	1
ng rt n tng khi t pin ban u n pin m rng.	1
Nu c hai b ct ngang bi ch 5 + ft ti bt u ch  n m thanh tnh qu mc t tai nghe.	0
Cht lng rt tt.	1
"Thit k rt l, v tai ""clip"" khng thoi mi lm."	0
 ngh cp cao cho bt k ai c in thoi rng xanh.	1
TI KHUYN MI NGI NG B LA!	0
Qu Tt!	1
Lm tt lm!	1
N nhp vo ch khin bn thc mc c ch  s ko di bao lu.	0
Ti  ln trang web ca Motorola v theo mi hng, nhng khng th c n li.	0
Ti  mua n  s dng Kindle Fire ca mnh v hon ton thch n!	1
Qung co gy hiu lm nht.	0
Ti vn cha chy b pin mi ny di 2 thanh v  l ba ngy m khng tnh ph.	1
Ti mua cho m ti v b y c vn  vi cc pin.	0
Kt hp Pocket PC/in thoi tuyt vi.	1
Ti  s hu chic in thoi ny 7 thng ri v c th ni  l chic in thoi tt nht m ti c.	1
Ti khng ngh rng nhng ch dn ny gip ch cho ti.	0
Mi ngi nghe ti ni v ti  phi rt tai nghe v ni chuyn in thoi.	0
Khng chu trch nhim.	0
y l mt chic in thoi nh n gin  s dng, nhng s ph v l khng th chp nhn c.	0
Sn phm ny l l tng cho nhng ngi nh ti c tai rt nhy cm.	1
N khng th s dng trong mt chic xe ang di chuyn  tc  cao tc.	0
Ti cn 2 nm na trong hp ng ny v ti ght ci in thoi ny.	0
Sc xe cng nh sc in xoay c bao gm  m bo bn khng bao gi ht nc tri cy.	1
Anh cn t nht 3 pht  ly cun sch in thoi ca mnh ngay t ln u anh bt in thoi.	0
N c gi li rt tt.	1
Trnh Din Thi Gian Ni Chuyn.	0
V n rt tt v hiu qu vi 680.	1
sn phm v dng	0
N c mt ci my nh tuyt vi 2MP, v cc hnh nh rt p v r rng vi cht lng hnh nh tuyt vi.	1
Ti khng b n tng bi sn phm ny.	0
o p cng t y.	1
Ti ch nghe ting  rc cho m thanh.	0
Tai nghe bluetooth tuyt vi.	1
N c tt c cc tnh nng ti mun	1
Ai trong tm tr h s mua li cc pin ny?	0
SAU KHI TRANH CI VI VERIZON LIN QUAN N CC CUC GI RI CHNG TI  TR LI IN THOI SAU HAI NGY.	0
V ny c v hp l y.	1
Tht vng vi pin.	0
Khng  ln v khng bt ln nh n nn.	0
bo v tt v khng lm cho in thoi tr nn cng knh.	1
Mt bn phm c th s dng thc s bin mt PDA thnh mt c my hu ch th gii thc thay v ch l mt thit b gn gng.	1
Chic in thoi ny kh mnh m v ti cha tng c vn  g ln vi n.	1
Ti yu th ny!	1
Mi th v n u n v hp l vi gi c.	1
RT THT VNG.	0
Ti thm ch  b in thoi ny xung sui v n ngp trong 15 giy v n vn hot ng tt!	1
Ti  rt hnh phc vi chic 510 v khng c bt k li phn nn no v cht lng m thanh ca ti khi kt thc.	1
My ci nt trn v tt cng rt t.	0
V c bn bn c th qun h tr cng ngh ca Microsoft.	0
Ti thc s gii thiu tm bin ny t khi n trng rt p, thanh lch v mt m.	1
Nhng chic tai nghe ny l mt tm kim tuyt vi-v ti ngh chng c l l mn hng tt nht m ti  mua trong vi nm qua-nghim tc y.	1
Mua mt chic in thoi khc-nhng khng phi ci ny.	0
Bn phi gi in thoi  mt gc  c bit cho bn kia  nghe bn r rng.	0
Nhc im ln ca my nghe nhc MP3 l cc nt trn ba trc ca in thoi  cho bn tm dng v b qua cc bi ht ra sau vi giy.	0
Mt tun sau khi ti kch hot n, n t nhin cht.	0
N cm thy thoi mi hn hu ht cc tai nghe v ti eo knh v i khi n c th cn tr.	1
Cng rt tt cho iPads na.	1
Thit b ny tuyt vi trong mt s tnh hung: 1.)	1
Mic khng hot ng.	0
Ngay c trong dng BMW 3 ca ti kh yn tnh, ti gp kh khn khi nghe ngi kia ang ni g.	0
La chn tuyt vi!	1
Nh ga tt cho nh hoc lm vic.	1
y l mt chic in thoi p.	1
Yu sn phm ny.	1
Do Not Buy cho D807...qung co sai tri cho D807.	0
y l mt mn  nh tuyt vi.	1
Ti thch chic in thoi ny, n rt tin dng v c rt nhiu tnh nng.	1
Ti  mua n v trong vng 2 ngy n khng cn lm vic na! !!!	0
Ti mc n mi ngy v n vn rt tt.	1
Khng phi l mt mn hi.	0
c ng gi tt, n ng thi gian, v lm vic nh d nh.	1
Ht pin ri.	0
Mn  ny hot ng rt tt, nhng n  v sau 6 thng s dng.	0
Cc tai nghe rt d s dng v mi ngi u thch chng.	1
in thoi ny hot ng tt.	1
Vic xy dng cc headset l km.	0
Sn phm xut sc v hot ng tt hn verzon 1 v Boy gi r hn!	1
Ci in thoi ny s rt tuyt!	1
i vi mt sn phm m chi ph cng nhiu nh ci ny, ti mong n s tt hn v thoi mi hn th ny.	0
Rt mnh m.	1
Lm tt lm!	1
Tai tai ch chi nhc trong mt tai.	0
ng ph tin ...	0
Ta s gi li cho h!	1
Nu anh nh dng ci ny trong xe th qun chuyn  i.	0
Ti thy sn phm ny qu ln.	0
Tt nht l ti  tm thy ... Ti  th 2 im xanh khc v ci ny c cht lng tt nht (cho c ti v ngi nghe) cng nh d s dng.	1
Ti rt tht vng vi quyt nh ca mnh.	0
c tch hp lin mch vi in thoi Motorola RAZR.	1
Ngi mua cn thn, anh c th di tin vo toilet.	0
Chc chn l mt mn hi	1
Gi bn rt tt v vi vn chuyn min ph v tt c u l mua hng tt.	1
Ti  nhn c mt chic xe my mi 375 v r rng l khng c mt trn u no gia in thoi v chic sc.	0
Pros: My nh p-rt p, cng c phong cch mt m nh en v trng, v nhiu hn na.	1
 l mt li thit k rt ln (tr khi ti khng s dng n mt cch chnh xc, m ti khng ngh l n).	0
Ti thch chic m 350 ca ti. Tai nghe bluetooth Jabr350 ca ti rt tuyt, s tip nhn rt tt v tai nghe c v thoi mi.	1
My nh, mc d c nh gi  mc 1.3 megapixel n tng, to ra nhng hnh nh thu c thp hn so vi  phn gii tng i cao nh vy.	0
Ti dn ci ny cho chic xe sc v n khng hot ng.	0
Cht lng m thanh  c hai u rt tuyt, ti s dng tai nghe  gi cho v ti v hi v ti s dng tai nghe  gi ti! 2.	1
Chic in thoi ny mng v nh v mn hnh rt p.	1
N hi gh rn nhng ti ngh n s lm tnh vi bnh m nng v n  v kch thch gii tnh ngay xung h s  da ca n.	1
Sn phm tuyt vi, vn chuyn nhanh!	1
Tuyt vi.	1
Bn phm l s tha hip tt gia bn phm QWERTY y  v bn phm s in thoi di ng c bn.	1
Ti c in thoi ny vo cui thng 5 v ti hon ton khng hi lng vi n.	0
N rt thoi mi trn tai.	1
 l mt ngi chin thng cho chng ta.	1
) Ci t khng th n gin hn.	1
Ti  th vi ming tai nghe cho chic in thoi ca ti v tn Jabra ny l ci u tin ti tm thy ph hp vi tai ti.	1
Khng th bt c tn hiu  mnh.	0
Ti rt hi lng vi vic mua hng ca ti.	1
Cht lng km.	0
Lm xong vic.	1
m thanh tuyt vi!	1
V c bn, dch v ny rt t.	0
N khng c tc dng trong in thoi di ng ca ti, ti ang lm vic vi b sc.	0
Ti ch c mt cht bluetooth trong vi tun, nhng ti thc s thch n.	1
BT  b mt tch.	0
N qu nh v anh thm ch khng nhn ra rng n   sau mt thi gian  quen vi n.	1
Phn mm i km gn nh tuyt vi.	1
Headset hot ng tt & c ng gi gn gng  trnh bt k thit hi no.	1
!Ti khng bit phi lm g!	1
Ngi Mua -- Hy Cn Thn!	0
Phn ln cc tai nghe ca Logitech earbud b li.	0
Rt tt cho ci gi.	1
Ci u ca ti lm vic rt tt.	1
Trong nh ti ti b th xung tng trn v khng c sng trn tng hm nh ti.	0
Nhn din ging ni tht tuyt vi!	1
Tht lng ph.	0
Trong mt vi cuc gi khc nhau 2 pht, ti  tri qua 5 git v n  trong mt khu vc c 5 qun bar.	0
Ti khng hi lng vi mn  ny.	0
rt tht vng.	0
in thoi mt mi mi 2 n 5 ting ng h.	0
Ti c in thoi ny bng khen t mt ngi h hng v ti rt vui v  lm th.	1
ng l ph thi gian!	0
S n nhn ca n rt ngho nn.	0
Cc mc c nu l bao gm t  m t khng c bao gm.	0
Sau 3 thng, mn hnh bng nhin en bt ng.	0
Ti  Hy Vng Nhiu Hn.	0
Cht lng m thanh km, rt km.	0
Ti hon ton khng c vn  g vi ci headset ny vi 8530 Blackberry Curve ca ti!	1
Ti bit nghe c v bun ci, nhng i vi ti n c v nh cng ngh phc tho m s khng hot ng tt.	1
Ti  mua mt ci tai nghe dy $5 m m thanh tt hn nhng th ny.	0
in thoi ny rt nhanh khi gi bt k loi tin nhn v duyt web no nhanh hn ng k so vi nhng chic in thoi trc y.	1
Cht lng tt, khng ging nh my ci r tin ngoi kia.	1
Mn  ny tht tuyt vi v hot ng hon ho!	1
V ti ch thch mu sc!	1
W810i ch l SUPERB.	1
Tt c nhng g ti c th lm l rn r trn mng, nn n y. Ti cng s dng th t ti thch hn.	0
Charger tuyt vi.	1
y l mt cng c lin lc khng giao tip.	0
N hot ng nh mt ci ba, n hot ng ging nh ci ti c trong in thoi.	1
Ti vn duy tr nhng con kh khng nn lm tai nghe, chng ta r rng khng c  DNA  sao chp thit k cho con ngi.	0
Gi Tr Ln.	1
Khng c tc dng g c. Ti mua n cho chic L7c ca ti v n khng hot ng.	0
Ci nhn ca n rt sc nt v mn hnh rt p v r rng, vi  ha tuyt vi.	1
Khng lu na u.	0
Mt iu ti ght l ci nt set  bn cnh.	0
Dch v xut sc!!!!	1
Cm n v  lng ph tin ca ti.	0
Sao li th c?Cht lng m thanh rt km.	0
Nhng li khuyn v mo vt thc s rt tuyt.	1
Trnh duyt tp tin cung cp tt c cc ty chn m ngi ta cn. Handsfree l tuyt vi.	1
Siu in thoi trn mng Great Network.	1
Ti  kt ni vi bluetooth ca v ti, (Motorola HS850) vo in thoi ca ti v n lm vic nh mt s quyn r cho d chic in thoi c trong ti ti hay trng hp ny.	1
Ti t h iu hnh mi nht trn n (v1.15g), v by gi n thch i chm li v kha li tng ln mt thi gian.	0
N ch nhn ra in thoi l thit b lu tr ca n.	0
Nu bn mun mt ting vo ve ln  ghi  tt c cc cuc ni chuyn ca bn, th in thoi ny l dnh cho bn!	0
ng mua sn phm ny.	0
Ti  c ci u bluetooth ny mt thi gian ri m vn khng thoi mi vi ci cch n va vi tai.	0
Cht lng m thanh l tt v chc nng rt tuyt vi.	1
Ti c ci in thoi ny v n l mt ci gai  bn cnh ti, ti tht gh gm.	0
Gn y ti c nhng vn  m ti khng th lin lc c hn 10 pht trc khi b ngt kt ni.	0
Khng th tin c!	1
L hng thit k?	0
in thoi tuyt vi!	1
Ph 13 .	0
Nhng khi ti kim tra hp th thoi vo ban m, nh sng ca bn phm tt vi giy thnh tin nhn u tin, v ri ti b lc.	0
Ngi thay th  cht trong vi tun.	0
C ting chung no ...Ni chung l in thoi  mua.	1
Gn y h cc k t t v c ch trn in thoi.	1
Ti  gp vn  khi d tn hiu xung v hn th na.	0
Khng n tng.	0
Trng lng nh, ti hu nh khng nhn ra n  .	1
Anh s thch n mng nh th no.	1
La Chn Khng T.	0
Trng hp cu xin khng ph hp.	0
in thoi v dng, ch b ic.	0
Mu sc thm ch cn p hn ti ngh, v  ha cc k sc nt.	1
Tt c nhng g ti ngh  l mt khon u t tt.	1
N to ra nhng ting n rt l trc khi n kt thc cuc gi.	0
Cc thit b in t tt nht ca cc my pht FM c sn.	1
Pin ch ko di vi gi.	0
tai nghe tuyt vi, rt n tng-H500.	1
"My nh pixel ""1.2"" Mega pixel, l mt phn ca in thoi, c l l hp l."	1
Ti  gi n gn 2 nm v n  lm vic rt tt cho ti.	1
Tn hiu m thanh tt.	1
Chng ta s gi tr li.	0
Ti  khng lin lc vi cng ty vi gi vi  la nhng ti  hc c bi hc m l ra ti khng nn mua ci ny trn mng.	0
Nu anh ght l su b, hy trnh xa ci in thoi ny bng mi cch.	0
Cng gi c!	1
Phm vi rt tt, ti c th i lang thang quanh nh vi in thoi trong phng khch khng c vn  tip nhn/cht lng m thanh.	1
dch v nhanh.	1
Ti rt mun  ngh iu ny.	1
Ti s  ngh iu ny.	1
"Ti cng khng thch ci nt ""trn"", n c cm gic nh n c th b v khi s dng."	0
IN THOI T NHT.	0
Ti vn say m ci in thoi ny.	1
im ng bng thng xuyn xy ra.	0
N kh l xu h khi s dng bi v n trng nh th no v hu nh n l xu h khi tr con-ging nh cng ty.	0
n gin, gn nh v ph hp.	1
Trong tt c, ti mong i mt tri nghim tt hn ca ngi tiu dng t Motorola.	0
C mt m thanh ng s trong nn tng ca tt c nhng cuc gi ca ti m ti cha tng tri qua.	0
Nhng th ny chc chn l rt thoi mi v chc nng rt tt.	1
Ti thng khng thch bng tn nhng ci ny rt nh v khng lm hng tc ca ti.	1
Ti hi tht vng.	0
Ti  c chic in thoi ny hn mt nm ri, v ti s ni vi bn, n khng tuyt vi nh vy.	0
Ti t mua chic ny cho chic in thoi c sony Ericsson W810i nhng ti ngh n ch hot ng mt ln (ln u tin khi ti s dng n).	0
Pin hon ton v dng i vi ti.	0
ng l ph thi gian.	0
ng ph thi gian vo ci ny.	0
m thanh v dch v tuyt vi.	1
Rt hi lng vi sn phm ny.	1
Mt trong nhng mn hng a thch ca ti.	1
Bluetooth tt nht trn th trng.	1
 da tht p v d chu. Ti  ngh anh v ny!	1
Ti  rt ho hng  c c ci tai nghe ny bi v ti ngh n thc s d thng.	1
ng phm sai lm nh ti.	0
S tht vng ln vi ng b lch.	0
in thoi khng th s dng c v khng mi.	0
Dch V Khch Hng Ti T Nht.	0
Khng c gel tai thm cung cp, v khng c hng dn g c.	0
N nh bi mc ch ca tai nghe bluetooth.	0
ng gi tng xu.	1
Mt chic v in thoi xut sc.	1
Tai nghe p cho ci gi v chng hot ng tt!	1
Internet chm qu.	0
N rt thoi mi khi mc nh vy, c l l kha cnh quan trng nht v vic s dng mt trng hp.	1
N ging nh mt chic gng tay v mnh m, vng chc v bn.	1
Ci in thoi p nht m ti tng c.	1
N rt hp dn v xut hin vi cht lng tt.	1
Ti yu tt c cc tnh nng v yu t hnh thnh.	1
Sn phm ny c mi cao su/du m khng th chu c sau mt thi gian v khin ti phi tr li.	0
cht lng v dch v km.	0
Si cp trng mng v mng manh, tht ng s.	0
Tai To Lm.	1
Mt i bn tay tuyt vi.	1
Tuyt vi khi s dng vi m thanh ni ca cu.	1
Sn phm tt-gi tr tuyt vi.	1
Ch mi c mt thng nhng n  c tc dng rt hon ho cho n gi.	1
Lm tt lm.	1
 ph thi.	0
Ci  cng khng hot ng.	0
Thi lng pin rt tt.	1
Quay li 8 ting sau.	0
 l mt mn  tuyt vi.	1
ng ph tin!	0
Thch ci tai nghe ny!	1
N khng ch ht sch cu th ca anh, m cn c kh nng chin n na.	0
Lm vic hon ho!	1
Khng ng tin cy, ti b cuc.	0
Ti cho n 5 sao v cht lng m thanh.	1
Hy trnh ci ny nu bn c th.	0
Sc c th o ngc tuyt vi.	1
Ti  lng ph tin bc ca ti vi ci tai nghe ny.	0
in thoi rt tt.	1
Tt nht l tnh nng xoay, rt hu ch.	1
An i cho c gia nh chng ta.	1
Sn phm tt, ngi bn gii.	1
Ti thch ci bluetooth ny!	1
Trc ht, n khng c mu.	0
Ti rt n tng vi chic tai nghe t Plantronics.	1
Ti hiu v n qu nh v ng yu.	1
in thoi tuyt vi!	1
Ti khng  ngh mua sn phm ny.	0
Mt phn ca Junk.	0
Bn l km qu.	0
Mn  ny tuyt vi, lp t n,  n tnh ton phi chnh ph v n hot ng tt mi khi khng c vn  g.	1
in Thoi Tuyt.	1
ng mua.	0
in Thoi Tuyt.	1
NG MUA CI IN THOI NY.	0
Vic nhn dng ging ni  l tuyt vi.	1
y l in thoi tt nht m ti tng c.	1
Tht tuyt, khi con mo ca ti tn cng chic in thoi, hn  co di bo v thay v ph hy mn hnh.	1
Ci ny lm vic v c nh gi ng.	1
Dch v khch hng tht kinh khng.	0
Tui th pin vn cha  lu trong Motorola Razor V3i.	0
Gi tr li.	0
By gi ti bit rng ti  a ra mt quyt nh khn ngoan.	1
Ai  nn ngh ra chuyn ny sm hn.	1
Gi tt y.	1
Mi th u hiu qu trong ln th u tin.Thit b chc chn c thit k theo mt cch thng minh v vic xy dng cm thy tt.	1
Ti  nhn n mt cch nhanh chng v n hot ng tt!	1
 lm vic rt tt.	1
Khi nhiu ngi phn nn, ti tm thy ci micro ca tai nghe ny rt yu.	0
Chic Nokia 2160 c 5 tui t Tracfone gi cho in tch tt hn rt nhiu.	0
H khng quan tm n ngi tiu dng cht no.	0
y l mt khu pin tt, v n n tht nhanh.	1
Sch hng dn ang thiu.	0
Cng  mng  lp vo trm bo ng ca ti m khng cn loi b v n.	1
in thoi hin ang nm quyn nh n  lm khi n mi.	1
Pin khng ng tin cy cng nh dch v s dng antena.	0
Cm thy khng thoi mi v cht lng m thanh kh km so vi in thoi (Razr) hoc vi tai nghe in trc  ca ti (cm vo LG).	0
Chng ti c rt nhiu li khen.	1
iu ny chc chn phi c nu trng thi ca bn khng cho php s dng in thoi di ng trong khi li xe.	1
Ti mun ly li tin.	0
Ti yu thit b ny.	1
Ti cng rt hi lng vi ci gi.	1
Ti ra lnh cho sn phm ny trc v khng hi lng vi n ngay lp tc.	0
Ngage vn cn thiu cc tai nghe.	0
Ti c th gi in thoi trong xe m khng c vn  g.	1
Ti c 2-3 thanh trn in thoi khi ti  nh, nhng c khng nghe thy g ht.	0
 ngon, gi thp.	1
Tuy nhin, ging riingtones khng phi l tt nht, v cng khng phi tr chi.	0
Ci phch cm khng hot ng tt lm.	0
RNG AMAZON T HI.	0
Rip off ---- Over charge shipping.	0
RT THOI MI.	1
Pin ang hot ng tt nh mt s thay th cho bn gc i km vi in thoi hn 2 nm trc.	1
Tic chiu i rt xut sc!	1
N ph hp vi mt trong hai tai, m thanh r rng v n o, v in tch ko di mt vi ngy.	1
Rt r rng, cht lng m thanh v bn khng cn phi gy ri vi m thanh trn iPod ca bn k t khi bn c nhng nt bm m thanh trn tai nghe.	1
1. Pin lu di (bn khng cn phi sc li n nh thng xuyn nh mt s in thoi lt ngc) 2.	0
R rng c vn  v cht kt dnh.	0
Rt tht vng.	0
 l mt tc phm r tin, nhng ti vn mong i cht lng tt hn.	0
N thc t l v dng v khng thm bt k s thc y no cho s n nhn ca ti sau khi ti mua n.	0
Cht lng tt y.	1
Khng vui cht no.	0
MT MNH RC V SAU KHI NM TRN IN THOI CA TI TRONG 2 NGY !!!	0
Pin mi hot ng tt trong in thoi.	1
Dch v khch hng t nht	0
Ti  lm ri in thoi nhiu ln hn c th ni, thm ch bng b tng v in thoi ca ti vn cn tuyt vi (g ca g!).	1
Tic chiu i tht kinh khng v y tnh tm.	0
Cht lng m thanh tt.	1
Thit b nh ny  thay i kh nng t chc ca ti v lm cho cuc sng ca ti tr nn d dng hn.	1
Ti ang ngi trong xe, vi ci ni trn tht lng ca ti, v chic headset mt tn hiu.	0
in thoi l JERKS.	0
Lm vic nh mt s quyn r. Lm vic nh qung co.	1
Thoi Mi, Tm Xa, Khu i Tt.	1
Mng li ca h  Los Angeles tht kinh khng.	0
B khi ng khng dy xut sc.	0
La chn m loa l tuyt vi, nhng ci gp ghnh vi nh sng rt ... hp dn.	0
iu duy nht ti ngh c th ci thin l m thanh b r r ra khi tai nghe.	0
Trc ht l tic chiu i, ti cha bao gi c hn 2 bar.	0
in thoi nng qu!	0
Micr cng hot ng tt, nhng (theo nhng ngi ti  gi) n lm thay i mi th.	1
Thit k p v cht lng.	1
Ngoi ra, nu in thoi ca bn b b, trng hp ny s khng tit kim c, c bit l khi ri xung mt xung.	0
N l nh sng, d s dng, v c s tip nhn v truyn rt r rng.	1
T lm.	0
N chc chn khng tt bng S11 ca ti.	1
Thit b tuyt	1
Ph tin.	0
Ti  ra lnh cp thng tin, c mt sn phm hon thin v lm vic rt tt.	1
Yu Ci in Thoi Ny.	1
Ti ang tm ci headset ny mt thi gian di v by gi ti  c n ti khng th no hnh phc hn.	1
Ti s i ngang qua, v tai nghe bt u reo v khng c l do.	0
Mn hnh xut sc v camera cng tt nh bt k t nm no.	1
Pin cng rt tuyt!	1
Ci in thoi t nht ti tng c ... Ch c n trong vi thng.	0
Khng phi l mt mn  ngon. N hot ng mt thi gian sau  bt u c vn  trong my quay phim ngc t ng ca ti.	0
Vic ny tht l au n v tai ti au khi ti c y l tai vo tai ti.	0
Bo v in thoi  tt c cc bn.	1
y l mt chic in thoi RT trung bnh vi cuc sng pin km hot ng trn mt mng li yu.	0
Clear Skype Calls, Cuc Sng Pin Long, Tm Xa.	1
Cng ngh Soyo t hi.	0
Mt Thit B T Do.	1
bn thm ch c th t chp chn dung vi mn hnh bn ngoi (bn ngoi), rt tuyt.	1
Cng vn  nh nhng ngi khc   cp.	0
Sau khi th nhiu thit b rnh tay, y chnh l ci m cui cng hot ng tt.	1
Php Thut Tr Gip.	1
Th rc thi ti t nht tng c phc v bi khch hng Verizon.	0
Cht lng m thanh km.	0
in thoi tt nht trn th trng:).	1
N hot ng rt tt.	1
Cng ty vn chuyn sn phm ca ti rt nhanh chng v hot ng tt.	1
Chnh xc nhng g ti mun.	1
 phn gii hnh nh nm su hn rt nhiu so vi nhng chic in thoi gi r khc ang c cung cp ngy nay.	0
y l mt tha thun tuyt vi.	1
Sn phm xut sc, ti rt hi lng vi vic mua hng.	1
Ti  ngh nhng th ny v khuyn khch mi ngi cho h th.	1
Tt hn l anh mong i.	1
S dng tt c cc tai nghe, tri hay phi, th ny s khng  trn tai ti.	0
Sn phm v gi c tuyt vi.	1
Nghe c gi hp l v hiu qu, n n gin!	1
Vn ang i ... Ti chc rng mn  ny s hot ng tt ... nu ti c nhn li n!	0
Tht l ng	0
Rt dch v.	1
Sn phm xut sc v gi c.	1
Rt hi lng vi chic tai nghe ny.	1
ng ph tin v thi gian.	0
Ti c bit thch cuc sng pin di.	1
Tht ngu ngc khi phi tip tc mua nhng b sc mi, xe sc, cu , tai nghe v b dng c xe hi mi khi mt in thoi mi xut hin.	0
Lm tt lm.	1
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
Ti n t nh mng Verizon bi v cingulair c in thoi di ng tt hn ... iu u tin ti nhn thy l dch v rt t.	0
Ti s tm mt ci tai nghe mi.	0
Ti gii thiu thit b ny cho mi ngi!	1
-K nguyn Jawbone cng tuyt vi!	1
Chng ti  nhn c mt cc pin WHITE  cht sau mt vi hoursTHe c s dng  ko di mt tun-nhng vn ko di hn v tr ny.	0
Sau mt nm, pin hng hon ton trn u ti.	0
Ti  s dng vi chic in thoi trong 2 nm, nhng ci ny l tt nht.	1
Mt Ci Nhn Mi Tuyt Vn Cho Ma Thu Nm 2000!.	1
y l chic in thoi u tin m ti c vi gi r.	0
Att khng r rng, m thanh rt mo m v bn phi ht ln khi ni chuyn.	0
Ci kp nha s d dng hn trong on clip ny.	0
Gi cng tt.	1
ng phm sai lm nh ti.	0
Oh v ti qun khng  cp n hiu ng mu l m n c trn in thoi ca bn.	0
Ti ang dng n vi mt con sng SPINN (vi trng hp) v n ph hp.	1
V khu vc ni n v ca ti b ph v.	0
Ni chung, ti rt vui khi c mt chic in thoi c tt c cc cuc hn v lin lc trong  v nhn c s n nhn tuyt vi.	1
Mi th trn in thoi u hon ho, c y thch n.	1
Mt lu  khc v s xut hin ca in thoi ny l n thc s trng kh nht, c bit l trong tt c cc m hnh mu en.	0
RT D DNG.	1
Sanyo ca ti  sng st qua hng chc git trn mt en m khng b bnh.	1
Tai nghe tuyt vi.	1
N tm thy in thoi ca ti ngay khi vo xe.	1
Cht lng thp.	0
Ti gii thiu loi in thoi c gi khim tn ny.	1
Nhng n c th tip nhn tt hn v r rng hn bt c in thoi no ti tng c.	1
Cnh bo-Trnh xa ra.	0
c g ti c th tr li n v v ly li s tin ca ti.	0
Awsome Device Works Great (bng ting Anh).	1
Ti thng ni chuyn trong 1-1 gi ri v pin s cn kit v cht dn.	0
Nu bn khng tm thy n, qu t, nh mt ln na, n v ch i km vi mt tai nghe.Ti s khng  ngh chuyn ny vi bt c ai.	0
Rt Khng Hi Lng.	0
Ti c th c mt khim khuyt, nhng ti s khng mo him mua li v cht lng xy dng mt mnh.	0
H lm cho trng hp ny qu nh v rt kh  ci t.	0
Khi phc in thoi ca ti nh th hin mi.	1
Ti khuyn bn nn mua series Jabra JX-10 series 2 c tc dng hon ho vi Moto Q ca ti.	1
Ti  tm kim trn Internet, v thy n l gi tr tt nht.	1
Khng va u.	0
Rt hnh phc vi sn phm ny.	1
Kch thc mn hnh l ln, phm cha kha c thp sng  tt, v cht lng my nh rt tuyt vi cho mt chic in thoi chp nh.	1
Khng c g ti t ti c th ni v tai nghe ny.	0
Ti rt vui khi thy sn phm ny trn thc t rt kh tm, n khng c gi cao.	1
Cm tay v n hot ng.	1
ng nghip ca ti v ti by gi  c c mt s tip nhn tuyt vi. Mt cht tn km, nhng hiu sut rt tuyt.	1
Ti  sc y  trc khi i ng v tt ci rng xanh v wifi v nhn thy n ch cn 20% vo bui sng.	0
Ti cng c vn  vi in thoi c th nh trong  ti lun bt n ln ri tt ln na.	0
Khng tt khi i m hay eo knh rm.	0
L hng kp thi v cht lng.	1
Bn phm tt y.	1
Rt tt v ph hp vi Surefire GX2 ca ti mt cch hon ho.	1
in thoi khng khip.	0
Pin BT50!	0
Chng ti s gii thiu cho nhng ngi khc.	1
Cant s ly phn mm lm vic vi my tnh ca ti.	0
Tht vng!	0
Ging ni rt km.	0
Ht pin ri!	1
Khng c ngi mua hi hn trong v ny!	0
Rt tht vng  AccessoryOne.	0
Ti thy iu ny khng th tha th c v c l s c th tr li in thoi ny v c l s thay i nh mng.	0
"Trng rt tuyt v mnh m. """	1
Ti  c dch v TMobile 2 hoc 3 nm nay, v ti kh hi lng vi n.	1
Quy trnh cp nht rt kh khn v cng knh.	0
Tht vng ... Ti ght bt c th g vo tai ti.	0
Phn mm tuyt vi cho Motorolas.	1
Giao hng ng gi.	1
Rt d s dng.	1
Khng thoi mi trong Ear, Don't use cng vi LG VX9900 (EnV).	0
m lng ny  tng vt t n v n mt im n khng r.	0
N gi mt in tch trong mt thi gian di, kh thoi mi trong iu kin mc lu di v cht lng m thanh rt to ln.	1
Ti mun tr li n.	0
Bn phm tht s ng gi v tnh hu dng v  mnh m, ti khng mong i bt k vn  no.	1
Tuy nhin, cc d lut ca Verizon rt kh hiu mc d cc k hoch nh gi ca h rt n gin.	0
Sau khi sc xong, cc cc pin ny hot ng tt.	1
Anh s khng hi tic u!	1
Ti thch ci in thoi ny!	1
Mt S Tht Vng.	0
Khng phi ngi dng thn thin.	0
Tht khng may, kh nng thc s bit bn ang nhn c cuc gi l mt tnh nng kh quan trng v chic in thoi ny ng thng trong s tn trng .	0
Ri ti trao i cho cng mt chic in thoi, thm ch c vn  tng t.	0
Kt qu ny trong in thoi b kt  th tch ti a hoc cm.	0
y l nhng tng  PDA.	1
N c tch hp  s dng nh l mt nh my in thoi/in thoi lai ghp nh/in thoi di ng, v xut sc trong cc vai tr .	1
Ti chc chn s  ngh Jabra BT250v cho nhng ai ang tm kim s thoi mi, r rng v gi c tuyt vi!	1
Ti  c Verizon 2 nm trc v thc s thch dch v ca h.	1
Kh l v vn.	0
Cm nt khng ng kch c.	0
Lm vic nh m t.	1
Hy tit kim tin ... Ti  c mn  ny 11 thng ri.	0
Mua T.	0
RT HI LNG.	1
Ting n ca ting n l tuyt vi, iu ny rt quan trng i vi mt ngi i li ca NYC.	1
Cc pin ny l mt mn hi!	1
Ci th v vn.	0
Ti s khng cho ngi sao nu ti c th.	0
Ti eo knh v n hp vi h.	1
Cht lng m thanh cho thit b l khng th chp nhn c. Tr khi bn ang  trong mt khu vc yn tnh, bn gn nh khng nghe thy g.	0
Ti s khng  ngh mn  ny cho bt c ai.	0
Thng cha khng khp vi bc nh trong qung co.	0
Tuyt ... khng c vn  g c!	1
Nh mt nh gi sm hn ghi nhn, cm vo ci sc ny v khng c g xy ra.	0
Nt quyn r ca con ch ny rt ng yu v mt rt d bt mt.	1
Bn khng bao gi bit nu bn y n  mnh hay ng s ln cho chc nng bn mun hay khng.	0
m thanh rt r rng v nhng ngi ti ni chuyn cng rt ngc nhin v cht lng.	1
Ti c v nhm cho Palm VX mi v n hot ng rt tt ... n  bo v thit b cm tay ca ti mt cch hon ho cho n gi.	1
sn phm rt tt, rt tt.	1
Cng c in thoi di ng l mt th phi c.	1
Ti rt n tng vi cng vic m Motorola  lm vi sc mnh ca chic in thoi ny.	1
Ti  nhn c lnh ca mnh trong khung thi gian vn chuyn, mi th u c trt t lm vic tt v tng th, ti rt ho hng  c c ngun tin ny.	1
in thoi chc chn v khng thm nc.	1
Ti khng n tng vi iu ny v ti s khng  ngh mn  ny cho bt c ai.	0
n khiu ni duy nht ca ti l m lng m thanh tiu chun hi thp ngay c khi bt ln n 5 (5)	0
Xin cm n Amazon v  c nhng th ti cn cho mt ci gi tt!	1
Thay vo  ti trt n trn mp qun hay ti qun.	1
Ti  phi i mua mt ca hng v mua mt chic in thoi mi ca NOKIA ang hot ng tt.	1
Lm tt lm!	1
XU QU.	0
Khng khip, phi i 3 ln.	0
Ci khin nhiu rt ng kinh ngc.	1
Khng c tin trin g.	0
Razr Battery-Mua tt.	1
Tip tc lm vic i, Amazon!	1
H t chi hon tin hoc thay th.	0
Tht khng may, vic v tnh v tnh kch hot chng bng cc nt cm ng nh nhng nu bn v tnh chm vo in thoi vo mt khi ang lng nghe.	0
V vy, c bn l ti nm tin ra ngoi ca s v ch.	0
Trng hp tuyt vi v gi c!	1
Tt c ch cn 1 git t khong cch 6 inch bn trn quy bp v n  b ph hy. Ti khng c n tng v ti khng ci.	0
Tm hot ng ca Bluetooth l tt-vi ngy trc ti  in thoi ca ti trong cp xe, nhn mt cuc gi, v thc hin cuc tr chuyn m khng b nga.	1
Nh, p, nhn rt n tng, thit lp thc t vi s lu tr di do  ch.	1
Cc argel truyn m thanh trc tip vo tai ca bn v dng nh lm tng m lng m thanh v s r rng.	1
Khng ai trong s nhng ngi mi lm vic ng n.	0
Ti mng v  mua n.	1
Ti  b l nhiu cuc gi v l do ny.	0
C l in thoi ca ti b khim khuyt, nhng mi ngi khng th nghe ti khi ti dng ci ny.	0
ng mua sn phm ny.	0
T qu, hu ht mi th khng lm bng in thoi ca ti.	0
Khng dch chuyn, khng si bt, khng gt v, thm ch khng mt vt xc, khng g c!Ti khng th no hnh phc hn vi ngi mi ca mnh.	1
Phn mm t nht tng c dng ... Nu ti c th a cho nhng ngi sao s 0 ny.	0
C gng gi y l mt bi tp trong s tht vng.	0
Trng hp ny l mt mnh nha mng v khng c mt trc hoc bn bo v bn no.	0
Ti s hu mt chic Jabra Earset v rt hnh phc vi n, nhng cht lng m thanh, c bit l i, trn ci ny tt hn.	1
Ti thch ci my quay, cht lng rt tt.	1
Cm n v s phc v tuyt vi ny.	1
Hon ton l mt gi hng.	1
Ngi bn rt hiu v kin nhn, ti chc chn s mua t h mt ln na.	1
Ti cho Wirefly 1 star.I s lin h Cingular/AT & T; v thng bo cho h v thc hnh ny.	0
N ang trm trng hn!	0
Sn phm tuyt vi cho ci gi!	1
Ti  mua nhng th ny cho c gia nh v bn b, v tt c thng thc s r rng v d s dng ca h.	1
My tng  khng dy v ci in thoi r tin ny!	1
Khng c tc dng g ht, ch cn ng mua n.	0
m thanh bn, cht lng thp, v v bc xung quanh dy dn b dnh cht v trt.	0
Lm n ng ph tin.	0
Ti hon ton hi lng vi v mua bn ny.	1
Nu anh ang tm mt chic Motorola Headset cht lng tt th khng phi u.	0
Tuy nhin Plantronincs tip tc s dng cng mt thit k charger thiu st.	0
Kt qu g ri.	0
Thit k cng knh.	0
Tht tuyt l n c ng gi tt p, khng c vn  g v n n trong thi gian t hn sau  ti mong i! !!!	1
Sn Phm Ln.	1
 l mt th v vn!	0
Kinh nghim ca ti tht kinh khng ... y l tai nghe bluetooth th t ca ti, v trong khi n cn thoi mi hn Jabra cui cng ca ti (m ti ght !!!	0
iu ny khc phc mi vn .	1
T nht.	0
Ti rt hnh phc	1
Ti khng gp kh khn khi truy cp Internet, ti nhc chung hay thc hin bt k chc nng no.	1
"Ti khng bao gi nghe thy v lin tc ni ""ci g?"""	0
Cuc sng ca pin rt khng th chp nhn c.	0
Cng ty  l mt tr a.	0
N lm tt c nhng g c m t u ni.	1
V chuyn ny xy ra trong mi cuc gi, ti buc phi ngng s dng ci headset ny.	0
N hot ng tt vi mt b sc  t, c bit nu bn khng th cm vo hai b iu chnh cng mt lc.	1
H tr cng ngh ca Verizon i qua vi th tc, khng ai lm vic v ti phi lm li mt ln na, xa ht d liu ca ti.	0
Cht Lng Ging Ni, Sc Mnh Tn Hiu, Cuc Gi Ri.	0
N chi ln hn bt k ngi ni khc v kch thc ny; gi qu thp n ni hu ht s ngh cht lng l thiu, tuy nhin, khng phi.	1
Tt hn d kin.	1
N cm thy c xy dng km, thc n rt kh khn  iu hng, v cc nt c khai thc rt kh  thc y chng.	0
Ht pin ri.	1
Ti khuyn anh nn trnh xa sn phm ny.	0
Ti ch dng n hai ngy, v n khng phi lc no cng d nghe.	0
Ti ly c chic xe sc v thm ch khng phi sau mt tun n b hng ...Ti  cm n vo v n bt u ht thuc.	0
Chy nc rt-dch v khch hng khng khip.	0
Lin kt in thoi ca ti m khng cn n lc	1
Tht tuyt!	1
D s dng.	1
Tt Hn C Mi.	1
Ci g s hu ti  ly ci th rc ri ny, ti khng h bit ...	0
Rc ri.	0
Mt sn phm kh tt.	1
y l mt chic in thoi tuyt vi!	1
Vi gi trn Amazon, n l mt sn phm tuyt vi, m ti  ngh rt cao.	1
B phn Nghin cu v Pht trin ca h r rng bit r h ang lm g.	1
Tn st nhn thc s l th tch, v tt nhin n s ph v.	0
By gi in thoi vn n.	1
Ti rt hnh phc vi sn phm ny.	1
Ti nghip xy dng.	0
iu ny tc in ln.	0
Nhn chung, ti s gii thiu chic in thoi ny qua Walkman mi.	1
Chy nc rt cho dch v ny.	0
N rt r, v n cm thy v trng ging nh gi r.	0
N ph hp vi tai ti v thoi mi hn.	1
N khng hot ng  Chu u hay Chu .	0
Hy ct ci ny vo tht lng ca bn s lm cho bn cm thy nh 50 cent ang ln-v-n.	1
Ti thch thit k v nhn Jabra behing tai nghe tai v 5020 l kh d chu  mc 24 gi mt ngy m khng b au  tai.	1
Ti ngc nhin trc s xut hin nhanh chng ca hai pin in thoi lg v  mt phn nh gi.	1
Ci in thoi t nht t samsung ... ci Samsung E715 v vn ny ... l ci t nht ti tng thy.	0
Charger lm vic trong mt tun v ri hon ton ngng sc in thoi ca ti.	0
Sn phm km.	0
Tuy nhin ti cn hng dn tt hn.	0
Bn cn 2 tay  vn hnh mn hnh. Giao din phn mm ny c thp k v khng th cnh tranh vi cc thit k phn mm mi.	0
Lm vic rt tt vi Treo 700w v nh mt headset Skype trn PC ca ti (s dng my thu xuyn USB Bluetooth).	1
Hy trnh xa sn phm ny v i vi nhng cy bt thay th Palm replementr tht s, trong  c mt chic ba l.	0
NG MUA HNG KHNG PHI BUYIT SUCKS	0
y l mt sn phm tuyt vi ...	1
Hn na, ti tht s khng tin l n ng gi c ci gi ca n.	0
Tt c nhng v khc ti  c gng bnh thng tan r sau vi thng, nhng ci ny c v nh l mt thi gian di.	1
Biu Din Rt Tht Vng.	0
ng mc sai lm nh ti  lm v ng mua ci in thoi ny.	0
Chic in thoi ny c th l iu t nht ti tng c  bt k thng hiu no.	0
V n cn nhiu hay t hn c ti ban u nhng sau  b loi b bi v n lm try tai ti.	0
Ti khuyn bn nn n vi bt c ai vi nhng chic in thoi di ng/my mp3 khc nhau trong gia nh.	1
ng bn tm n ca hng.	0
Ti  ng ti nhng  kin chi tit hn di chic in thoi mu xm hoc en, nhng ti c la  v n l mt mu tuyt vi!	1
Ti khng c vn   g vi mc ny v s t li n nu cn.	1
Anh c ci anh tr cho ti on.	0
Phn mm khng ch lm tt vic ny, ti cn c th to ra nhc chung ring ca mnh hnh thnh cc a CD hin ti ca mnh m khng cn kt ni internet.	1
Ti ngc nhin rng y l mt chic sc c cht lng tt v khng c nhiu nh gi v n.	1
Tht l tuyt vi!	1
Tuy nhin, BT hin ti khng tt cho cc tr chi thi gian thc nh cc game bn sng gc nhn th nht k t khi chm tr m thanh lm ti ri tung ln.	0
Ti  s dng bitpim (mt chng trnh min ph bn c th tm trn internet)  chuyn d liu vo in thoi. Gi ca cp l xut sc.	1
Ph kin ng tht vng ca mt nh sn xut.	0
Thc hin kinh khng -- ni ting, m thanh n v ting vang d di cho nhng ngi  u kia ca cuc gi.	0
C kh nng chng gi.	1
R rng l h c mt dch v khch hng khng khip, nn anh s nhn c nhng g anh phi tr.	0
Chng khng tn ti mi mi, nhng khng qu t  thay th. D vn hnh v m thanh tt hn nhiu so vi nhng g ti  th.	1
Ti lin lc vi cng ty v h ni vi ti rng, mc d n v vn cn bo hnh, nu ti khng th sn xut ha n ti khng may mn.	0
Linksys nn c cch no   i mt ci in thoi xu cho mt n v tn trang hay g !	0
in thoi chc chn nh tt c in thoi ca cc qun bar nokia.	1
in thoi tuyt vi.	1
Khi ti t treo vo trng hp, khng ch l n khng phi l n, m cn c mt cn phng ph  hai bn.	0
Ti rt hi lng.	1
Pin rt khng khip.	0
Ti tm thy sn phm d thit lp v s dng.	1
Ci tai nghe trn ny qu ln hay qu nng ... n c ri ra khi tai ca ti.	0
Tht l v vn. Cht lng m thanh tht kinh khng.	0
B sc n trong khung thi gian ha, nhng n khng hot ng.	0
Khng cn tai nghe, n rt nh v m thanh rt tuyt.	1
Cui cng, sau ba hoc bn ln ma xun ca cht ca b ph v v ti khng th s dng n na trn tm che mt.	0
Phn rnh tay hot ng tt, nhng sau  xe c gng ti v s a ch, v u phim Treo reboots.Nhn chung, ti vn nh gi thit b ny cao.	1
Ni v dch v khch hng v dng.	0
"Cm gic qu nh v ""tinny."""	0
iu ny khng ph hp vi Palm Tungsten E2 v n  ph v ln u tin ti c gng cm n vo.	0
Ti rt vui v ci gi ny-cht lng tt v gi r.	1
Ti thch ci nhn v cm gic ca Samsung flipphones.	1
N c thit k tt v rt sc nt -- mu xanh l mt mu rt p.	1
Lm mi th cn thit v hn th na.	1
Ti khng th gii thiu thm c na.	0
Eo p .	1
C v tt trong bc tranh, nhng v ny l mt ni tht vng ln!	0
t hn nhiu so vi xng hm ti s thay th bng xng hm.	1
Thit lp din ra rt sun s.	1
N rt chm v mt mi mi  lm bt c iu g vi n.	0
"Mt nghin cu cn phi nghin cu cho bt c ai quan tm n ""nhng ti li ti t nht"" ca thit"	0
iu u tin xy ra l vic theo di  b tt.	0
N c thc hin tt, d dng truy cp vo in thoi v c mt on clip c th tho ri c.	1
Sau  ti phi tip tc ghp i n theo nh k k t khi n c th xung.	0
Khng th ti nhc chung t bn th ba.	0
Bluetooth khng hot ng, in thoi b kha, mn hnh ch le ln v by gi n ch thc hin cuc gi ngu nhin trong khi b ti.	0
Tht kinh khng.	0
N hot ng tt trn in thoi Motorola 325 ca ti, v tt hn nhiu so vi pin mc.	1
Khi lng cho ringer l REAL tt (bn c s la chn ln n mc no).	1
V khng c tng mu no c chp nhn.	0
Mu ca my nh l KHNG.	0
Sn phm ny r rng cha sn sng cho thi gian chnh thc, ti khng quan tm n trng ngu th no, nu bn khng th ni mt cuc gi ang n v gi tr.	0
Ti thch nhc chung bi v h qu lc quan!	1
Chinese Forgeries Abund! (bng ting Trung)	0
D dng kt hp vi Samsung Cell ca ti.	1
Cc hng dn khng gii thch rng mt ci micro c th c s dng.	0
ti s khuyn khng nn mua mn hng ny n khng hot ng tt.	0
Tht t l anh phi tr mt thng  phc v mt thng!	0
Lm tt lm.	1
Cp Nokia CA-42 USB khng hot ng bng in thoi ca ti.	0
m thanh r rng.	1
Ti phi dng nhng ming t nh nht c cung cp, nhng n vn cn kh tt.	1
Li phn nn ln nht ca ti l, b c quy siu nhanh.	0
Thit k c th l l thuyt ergonomic nhng ti khng th chu c th ny trong tai.	0
Khng mua nu bn mun s dng holster.	0
in thoi cng c th chp nhng bc nh tuyt vi v thm ch l video clip.	1
N khng lm cho c trng ngu.	0
Bi v c hai tai u b chim ng, nn tng khng phi l s mt tp trung.	1
Thoi mi ph hp-bn cn tai nghe  cm thy thoi mi trong t nht mt gi ti mt thi im, nu khng phi trong c mt ngy.	1
Ngoi ra, in thoi dng nh khng chp nhn bt c iu g ngoi tr CBR mp3s, tt nht l b x toc bi Windows Media Player.	0
Anh khng th nh bi gi trn s ny.	1
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (nghim tc!	1
Nh v hot ng tt.	1
Nn hy cn thn.	0
Ti thch ci cp ny-n cho php ti kt ni bt c thit b mini-USB no vi PC ca ti.	1
V vy, bt c ai  gn bn s nghe mt phn trong cuc tr chuyn	0
iu ny tht tuyt v hu ht cc trng hp u m   cho php mn hnh b try xc.	1
Ti mua ci in thoi ny  thay th cho StarTac v hi hn v iu .	0
C v nh thc s vt tri so vi khu pin gc t Trung Quc  n vi chic V325i ca ti.	1
Khng th lu bt c th g ngoi tr s in thoi cho SIM.	0
N ko di t hn 3 pht, nu ti thc s c gng s dng in thoi. V ti c cng mt chic in thoi vi cng mt vn .	0
Cht lng km.	0
"jabra ear gels ""R"" l tt nht!"	1
Khng ng u.	0
in thoi b hng hon ton v gi ti phi lm n thay th.	0
N b vic sau khi ti dng n khong 18 thng, nn ti mi mua mt ci khc v y l ci tai nghe hay nht ti tng s hu.	1
Tht khng may, n s khng sc li iPhone 4 ca ti, mc d kt ni n t nhiu ngun in (iMac, pin ngoi, ca ra vo tng, ...).	0
 l mt chic in thoi tuyt vi.	1
Nu bn ch cn mt chic in thoi lt nh -- hy nhn vo ni khc nh nhng chic chung v ting hut so l tm thng.	0
Gi tr tt, hot ng tt-sc mnh thng qua cng USB, xe hi, hoc ca ra vo tng.	1
in thoi ca ti khng trt vng quanh chic xe ca ti by gi v ci kp ngn in thoi ca ti khng b tut khi tay.	1
y n gin l tai nghe bluetooth BEST v cht lng m thanh!	1
Hy suy ngh li khi anh c k hoch  s hu ci ny!y l in thoi cui cng ca MOTO.	0
"Trong vng mt gi, ti  c hai ngi tht ln "" Whoa- l in thoi mi trn TV?!?"	1
Ti  lun dng tai nghe v t do t khng dy rt hu ch.	1
Trng hp ny  vt qua mc mt nm v trong khi n cho thy du hiu hao mn, n c chc nng 100%.	1
Ngoi ra, da c p v mm; ph hp rt cht ch; ct cho khun mt l mt hnh dng tt.	1
N c mi th ti cn v ti khng th i hi thm.	1
Sau khi nhn v s dng sn phm ch trong 2 ngy n  v.	0
Sn phm ny tht tuyt vi ... n lm vic d dng hn nhiu khi ti c th n my photocopy trong khi ch i ch i iu g .	1
Khng c ai trong s ba kch c m h gi i vi tai nghe s  trong tai ti.	0
T-Mobile c dch v khch hng tt nht  mi ni.	1
n nhanh chng v t tn km hn so vi nhng ngi khc b bn.	1
Chng ti  th 2 n v v c hai u tht bi trong vng 2 thng. Pros	0
Cung cp s bo v tt v trng c v sang trng.	1
Krassel lun tt.	1
Tracfonewebsite l ngi dng thn thin v lm cho n d kch hot, v.v.	1
Thit k rt tt. 4.	1
Ti n tip rt nhiu ln.	1
Ti s gii thiu sn phm ny.	1
Khng th dng knh rm, khng tt  Texas!	0
N khng hot ng hu ht thi gian vi Nokia 5320 ca ti.	0
c mua ch yu cho b sc,  ph v ngay sau khi mua.	0
Nu bn mun mt ting vo ve ln  ghi  tt c cc cuc ni chuyn ca bn, th in thoi ny l dnh cho bn!	0
Mua vui tht l tuyt vi v c th ly li th in thoi tip theo.	1
Trnh xa ca hng ny ra, cn thn.	0
Ci loa siu rng ny l AWESOME.	1
Khng va u.	0
.... Mc n nhanh chng v hot ng tt vi in thoi Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 ca ti v Sony Premium Sound trong l tai.	1
N l nh sng, c  dung lng pin, v rt ph hp  mc trong thi gian di.	1
Tht vng	0
Blue Ant d s dng.	1
R nhng ny n hot ng.  c suprised mt cch ho phng cho chi ph thp ca mc ny.	1
My nh trn in thoi c th c s dng nh mt dustpan khi  trong nh ... Ti th dng mt ln dng mt ln na.	0
Mt vi ngy sau , mt ln khi bc ra t in thoi trong khi s dng.	0
N rt tin li v n gin  s dng-c lm v lm cho chic xe p tr nn mt m hn.	1
Con trai ti  b v hiu ha.	0
Cht lng m thanh cng rt tuyt.	1
 l tai nghe tt nht m ti  dng.	1
S khng hi phc.	0
H    nhiu nm v mang cht lng cao nht ca mn hnh chng la mt m ti  tm thy cho n nay.	1
ng nh ti mun.	1
M hnh ny s khng hot ng vi smartphone Motorola Q ca ti.	0
Lm vic hay t nht i vi ti.	0
Ngoi ra, c v nh in thoi l tt c cc loi nha r tin.	0
"Nhng by gi n  b ""ra khi vng bo hnh"" cng mt vn  v thuc cha tr. Cingular s khng h tr n."	0
Ti thc s mun Plantronics 510 c ng ngi, nhng n c qu nhiu vn  i vi ti.	0
Sn phm tuyt vi.	1
Crisp v Clear.	1
Sau 12 pht, chic my bay s cht.	0
Nha rt r, nha cy nh mt sn g c.	0
Ti nhn c s n nhn khng khip trong cn h ca mnh, vi nhng chic in thoi khc m ti khng c vn  ny.	0
S tip nhn ni chung l tt.	1
m thanh tuyt vi, tui th pin v kn o  khi ng!.	1
Great bluetooth!	1
Ti rt gii thiu v ny.	1
XNG NG.	1
y l mt tha thun tuyt vi.	1
Sau khi in thoi ca ti c khong mt nm tui, n  b ph v mt cch chm chp mc d  quan tm n phn ca ti.	0
Ti xin li v  mua n.	0
Ti  mua nhng hy vng ny, ti c th lm cho m Bluetooth ca mnh ph hp hn nhng nhng th ny lm cho n khng th mc.	0
Trio v T-Mobile t chi thay th n mt ln na v buc ti phi mua mt chic in thoi khc m khng c bt k loi gim gi nng cp no.	0
Tht kinh khng!	0
Ti khng ngh l n c th gi n qu an ton trn tht lng ca c.	0
iu ny cho php kh nng tng gp i so vi cng ngy v thi gian sau ln u tin.	0
H lm vic khong 2 tun sau .	0
N rt n gin  s dng v ti thch n.	1
N l mt cng c tuyt vi cho gii tr, giao tip v qun l d liu. Oh, hy chc chn s dng ActiveSync 4.2 cho kt qu ng b ha d liu ti u!	1
Ti khng th dng trng hp ny v mi kinh tm.	0
KHNG PHI CI TI MUN.	0
Ti s hu 2 trong s nhng trng hp ny v s ra lnh khc.	1
in Thoi Tuyt.	1
Ti mua khu pin ny vi phiu gim gi t Amazon v ti rt vui khi mua n.	1
Truy cp internet l tt, n l mt trng hp him hoi m n hot ng.	0
Hon ho cho my PS3.	1
5 sao Plus, thm na.	1
Mt mn hi ... Ti mua ci ny sau khi mua mt ci gi r tin t Big Lots c v t hi v nhng ngi  u kia khng th nghe thy ti.	1
50   di cng.	0
Ti  c ni tht to nhng la ht ln ci in thoi c v ti vn cha ni l n khng tuyt.	0
Tt, tt lm.	1
Vi ci gi phi tr l mt tha thun ln.	1
Gi cng hay y!	1
Nu c gi th hon ton v dng.	0
ng l n sng bng  pha trc-v ti thch n!	1
Khng C Tc Dng.	0
Lc u ti ngh ti ang ci mt hp ng tr gi $7,44, cho n khi ti cm n vo in thoi (V3c Razr).	0
S n nhn thng qua tai nghe ny rt xut sc.	1
2 ngn ci cho ngi bn ny	1
Ti c mt chic in thoi ca hng Verizon LG v h cng nhau lm vic tt, tip nhn tt v tm nhn vt qu 20 feet.	1
M t khng ng ... Ti phi tr li n.	0
#1 N Works- #2 N l th  thoi mi.	1
Sc pin-cuc sng kh di.	1
Jabra EarGrels ph hp vi tai ca ti.	1
Pin khng c cuc sng.	0
Ti  kim tra mi ni v khng c tnh nng no thc s ng tht vng.	0
Sn phm chnh xc nh m t.	1
S nhn c tn hiu khi in thoi Verizon khc khng.	1
Khng c lm vic .	0
Ti s gii thiu n.	1
Lp k hoch t hng cho h ln na v ln na.	1
iu  c cho l, i vi mt chic in thoi, my quay rt p; nhiu hiu ng tt  chi, v video cng kh tt.	1
Ti  rt hi lng vi chic in thoi ny t ngy u tin.	1
H cng ngy cng tt hn (y l tc phm th ba ca ti v ti cng  c rt nhiu Palms).	1
Kh s dng v khng ng tin cy.	0
Thi gian vn chuyn cng rt nhanh!	1
Khng tt nh ti mong i.	0
Phng trng hp tt!	1
Khng C Tc Dng.	0
Sn phm rt tt.	1
Tht khng may, n khng hot ng.	0
C ba b ph v trong vng hai thng s dng.	0
ng mua n.	0
Cha ti c V265, v cc pin ang cht dn.	0
Tuy nhin, ming m tai li d dng v ch sau mt tun ti mt mt chic.	0
Cc cuc gi ri, in thoi i vo v tt i, mn hnh chuyn sang mu en v t nht l n ngng lin tc.	0
Mt ngi bo v kinh khng.	0
Ti cng khng thch Nokia.	0
Vic tip cn vi hng di cng l khng thoi mi, v cc phm gi v kt thc khng phi l ni ti mong i  . 3.	0
Ti  mua chic in thoi Nokia ny vi tun trc v  l mt cn c mng.	0
S mt nhiu thi gian  m t s km kinh nghim ca khch hng i vi Amazon nh th no.	0
iu duy nht ng tht vng l khng c ting ni! !!!	0
T tht. Xe ca ti s khng chp nhn ci bng ny u.	0
Sn phm l v dng, v n khng c  sc in  sc 2 in thoi di ng m ti ang c k hoch s dng.	0
Khng phi nh n ni.	0
Trnh Xa Khi Q!	0
Dng v d bn.	0
Dch v khng ng tin cy ca T-mobile!	0
Khng  tt cho gi c.	0
Ti  mua hai ci v cng khng tnh tin.	0
N trng rt p.	1
y l mt cng c tuyt vi, c bit l khi ghp ni vi in thoi ca bn t ng tr li.	1
Ti  c nhng bi nh gi khc  y nhng ti khng c vn  g vi n c.	1
Cc sn phm ny che ph cm bin nh sng quan trng trn ca thot tai.	0
Thoi mi trong tay ti.	1
Ch l khng c tc dng.	0
 Tin Cy Km.	0
(N hot ng!)	1
Nu ti chp mt bc nh, c quy s ri xung mt qun bar, v bt u ku bp bp, cho ti bit v s lo ha ca n.	0
Sn phm kinh khng, v ph tin!	0
Ln cui cng anh mua t em.	0
 l mt s lng ph tin ca ti.	0
Cho n nay n  hot ng nh mt s quyn r.	1
Ti ch c n trong vi tun, nhng cho n nay, rt tt.	1
Nhng, trong bt k trng hp no, iu tt nht l bn c th ti nhng bc nh ny vo my tnh xch tay ca bn s dng IR, hoc thm ch gi hnh nh t my tnh xch tay ca bn n in thoi.	1
S gii thiu mc ny.	1
 l s la chn ca ti trong nhiu nm qua.	1
Trng hp p, cm thy tt trong tay.	1
Hng  nhn c  b mt.	0
Rt tt .. Cho n nay, c l y l chic BT tt nht m ti tng c.	1
Lm tt lm.	1
Ti  nhn c ci u ca mnh trong thi gian vui v v hnh phc vi n.	1
Ti  rt hi lng khi thy rng ti c th thay th ci my bay ca ti bng cch lt Blackberry ca ti.	1
Em gi ti cng c mt ci v c y rt thch n.	1
Cht lng tt.	1
y l v mua bn ti t nht m ti  mua  Amazon.	0
Tai nghe c hai mc ch tuyt vi.	1
Tuyt vi!	1
Khng c tc dng  nghe nhc vi m s 8125.	0
N c v an ton, c hai nm vo tht lng ca ti, v gi cho iPhone bn trong.	1
... mt k v dng, r tin, r tin t Sprint.	0
Gp rc ri vi m lng.	0
iu tt duy nht l n ph hp vi i tai nh.	1
CNH BO-NG MUA!!	0
Ti ang ghp ci ny bng in thoi ca ti, v ti khng th no hnh phc hn vi n.	1
Khi m ca, kt ni pin b hng v thit b b tt.	0
Ti khng mun vin n bay qua u tai ti, gy ra s kh chu.	0
Tai nghe tt nht t trc n gi!	1
ng tin vo trang web ca h, v ng mong ch s h tr hu ch.	0
Rt vui khi ni rng Plantronics 510 c mt kt ni hon ho vi t bo ca ti v khng c tnh trong khi s dng bnh thng.	1
Loa c cht lng thp cng nh lm cho cc thanh nhc c m thanh rt r.	0
Ph hp thoi mi, c ba kch c tai nghe.	1
Sn phm xut sc v gi c.	1
Tn hiu xu.	0
Sn phm ny c cht lng rt cao Trung Quc CT! !!!	0
N kh thoi mi trong tai.	1
in thoi tuyt vi.	1
ng mua sn phm ny-N tht bi!	0
Mi th v sn phm ny l sai.	0
Vic ghp cp ca hai thit b ny rt d dng, n ch mt vi pht trc khi ti bt u thc hin cc cuc gi vi tnh nng thoi quay s.	1
iu ny hon ton kh hiu, th khin ti mt i mt vi mi quan h rt, rt quan trng.	0
Ngi gi in thoi khng khip	0
Cc nt v nt c t hon ho.	1
Ti thch c th s dng mt tai nghe cho c hai mt bng ng b v t bo.	1
Vn  l cc vng tai c lm t vt liu yu v d v.	0
Khng tt bng b phim Amazon.	0
Nhng bt chp nhng sai st ny, trng hp ny c cht lng c bit v ng gi hn chi ph b sung ca vic s hu mt sn phm OEM chnh thc.	1
Ngu ngc n mc no?	0
Ti c th nghe thy trong khi li xe trn xe, v thng th khng cn phi t n vo ci thit lp ln nht.	1
Ngi bn chy nhanh v r hn nhiu so vi cc i th cnh tranh	1
Gii lm, Samsung.	1
Ti  mua khong 10 ci v tit kim tin.	1
N lun ct t v lm ting beep beep soep m thanh sau  cho thy tn hiu b li.	0
Khng th bit c.	0
in thoi ca ti nghe c v n (khng tt-OK), nhng in thoi ca v ti gn nh hon ton kh hiu, c y khng th hiu mt t no c ni trn .	0
Nn ti phi tho pin ra khi in thoi v khi ng li n.	0
Trong khi ti xoay c ci l xo l tr li v tr, kim loi by gi c  sc p buc n s v  git tip theo.	0
Bo In n tng hoang d tuyt vi!	1
Lm vic cho ti.	1
Saggy,  b i.	0
tt hn nhiu so vi nhng trng hp nha cng.	1
N cng c mt vn  mi.	0
Hnh phc cho n nay!	1
in thoi p	1
Lm tt lm.	1
Cui cng, Motorola c c cht lng ging ni ca mt tai nghe bluetooth.	1
N cp i kt ni vi in thoi ngay c khi n nm cch hai chn gia hai chn.	0
nhng n rt tuyt, ti rt mun gii thiu n.	1
Lm cho n d dng hn  theo kp vi ci bluetooth ca ti khi ti khng eo n.	0
Nh ti  ni  trn ...THT V DNG!	0
Khng bao gi c! !!!	0
Cp tai nghe ny l iu ti t nht m ti tng nghe c m thanh.	0
[...] down the drain v mt c snap yu!	0
Khng tnh in thoi Cingular (ATT) 8525.	0
"Bn c thm vi pht  bn c th thc hin cuc gi v khng b ct b. """	1
Tuy nhin, sau khong mt nm, chic o xanh bt u b lng lo v cui cng mn hnh ca ti mu en v ti khng th nhn c v t cuc gi.	0
Ti  gi dy cp trn gh v ti phi ko in thoi  tt n.	0
Tai nghe p ng cc yu cu ca ti nn ti hi lng vi vic mua hng ca mnh.	1
Logitech Bluetooth Headset l mt Headset 10!.	1
Ti thch s tht l n nh nhng vo tai bn, hn l bn trong.	1
Rt nhiu trang web  nh gi y l mt chic in thoi rt hay v ti cng vy.	1
Ti  th cc dy cp ny bng my tnh v iPod ca ti v n hot ng tt.	1
Mic c mt tr a, v m lng kh thp.	0
Ti s tr li chng.	0
Ti khng duy tr mi lin h no vi my tnh trong khi n ang  trn i.	0
Tht d dng  bt tt v tt khi bn ang  trong xe v cc iu khin m lng l hon ton c th truy cp c.	1
Ti  c ca ti khong mt nm v Ging sinh ny ti  mua mt s cho phn cn li ca gia nh.	1
Mt khc, d dng ci t v s dng, r rng m thanh.	1
 da p.	1
Ti phi mua mt v khc.	0
 l mt nim vui c s dng.	1
Rt tht vng vi cng ty ny.	0
Rt chm bim chuyn .	1
N khng tnh ph cho ti.	0
y l chic in thoi cho nm 2005 ... Ti va mua S710a ca ti v tt c nhng g ti c th ni l WOW!	1
Nhng ci nt qu nh.	0
Ch cn c qua cc thng tin mt mnh, anh s ni l WOW.	1
Yu n ... Mt bng i tuyt vi.	1
Ti thc s thch sn phm ny trn Motorola v n r rng hn trn tai v mic.	1
Tuy nhin, keypad rt thch ti i khi n nhm nt.	0
Ti trao i ci z500a cho ci ny v ti kh hi lng vi quyt nh .	1
Ti rt n tng vi ci gi ca nhng v n.	1
Cng lm cho n d gi hn.	1
Ti s dng sn phm ny trong mt trung tm iu khin ng c, ni c rt nhiu in p cao t thit b, v n hot ng tt!	1
Kh d dng.	1
Ti khng th gi  mt ni no .	0
Tuy nhin, c gi ca ti phn nn rng mt thi gian in thoi khng thc dy nh in thoi thng thng.	0
Kiu dng p y.	1
Cng ty ny tnh ph cho ti v vn khng tr li tin cho ti.	0
Ti ang c tr li tin.	0
Ti  cm n vo ch  tm ra n khng c tc dng.	0
Sn phm tuyt vi.	1
Tai nghe d v.	0
Sn phm t hi.	0
Chic in thoi ny c gng ht sc  lm mi th nhng li tht bi trong vic c th l mt chic in thoi.	0
N l b sc tt nht ti tng thy trn th trng.	1
IN THOI NGT NGO !!!	1
-, b sc c v hot ng tt.	1
N ph hp vi qu sm rng mc tai khng cn phi c s dng v m thanh c hng dn tt hn qua ng tai ca bn.	1
Khng  khi lng.	0
Vn  ting vang ...Rt khng tha ng.	0
bn ch c th ly 2 video vo mt thi im v cht lng rt km.	0
ng ph tin.	0
Ti s phi l ngi u tin nh gi tiu cc sn phm ny.	0
B iu hp khng cung cp dng sc .	0
C rt nhiu qung co qua in thoi m ti cho rng  l iu tt nht, sai lm ca ti.	0
Bn cng khng th chp nh vi n trong trng hp v lense c che y.	0
in thoi ri ra d dng.	0
N khng hot ng, mi ngi khng th nghe thy ti khi ti ni chuyn.	0
Tnh nng nhn tin vn bn rt kh s dng.	0
Ti thc s tht vng vi tt c nhng g ti c by gi l mt k la o khng c tc dng.	0
au  tai.	0
Ko di mt ngy ri li n tung.	0
tht vng.	0
Hi ni.	0
Mn hnh c th b nhe bi v n chm vo tai v khun mt ca bn.	0
ng l  b i. Ti mt nhiu cuc gi hn trn in thoi ny.	0
Mt Hng Khng Khp Vi Hnh nh.	0
iu duy nht lm ti tht vng l ci cng  inra (irda).	0
Bn khng th tr li cuc gi vi n v, khng bao gi lm vic mt ln!	0
Mt b phim chuyn ng rt, rt chm chp, mt b phim v mt ngi n ng au kh, tri dt.  	0
Khng chc ai  mt nhiu-cc nhn vt phng hay khn gi, gn mt na trong s  b i.  	0
C gng ngh thut vi cc gc quay mu en v trng v thng minh, b phim tht vng-thm ch cn tr nn bun ci hn-bi din xut l ngi ngho v ct truyn v cc dng gn nh khng tn ti.  	0
Rt t nhc hay bt c th g  ni.  	0
Cnh hay nht trong phim l khi Gerardo ang c gng tm mt bi ht m c chy xuyn qua u.  	1
Phn cn li ca b phim thiu ngh thut, quyn r,  ngha ... Nu  l s trng rng, th ti on l v n trng rng.  	0
Lng ph 2 ting.  	0
Xem b phim hm nay v ngh rng  l mt n lc tt, nhng tin nhn tt cho tr em.  	1
C th on trc c.  	0
Yu thch vic tuyn chn Jimmy Buffet lm gio vin khoa hc.  	1
V nhng con c con rt ng yu.  	1
B phim cho thy rt nhiu Florida   l tt nht, lm cho n trng rt hp dn.  	1
Nhng Bi Ht L Nhng Bi Ht Hay Nht V Muppets Tht Bun Ci.  	1
Tht Tuyt.  	1
"y l mt b phim ""phi trn trng hp"" mang li mi th gn nh ngay trc mt bn.  "	1
N c mt s hnh ng trung bnh t ngi chnh, v n l mt ngn sch thp nh bn r rng c th nhn thy.  	0
nh gi ny  qu hn, k t khi ti xem A Tale of Two Sisters l b phim v i nht tng c thc hin.  	1
Ti s t vin  qu ny ln bt c b phim no v kch bn, quay phim, din xut, hu sn xut, bin tp, o din, hoc bt k kha cnh no khc ca vic lm phim.  	1
"Thc t n hon ho trong tt c chng-mt kit tc thc s trong mt bin ca faux "" thnh tho.  "	1
""" Cu trc ca b phim ny d dng c xy dng cht ch nht trong lch s in nh.  "	1
Ti khng th ngh v mt b phim no khc m mt th quan trng xy ra mi pht.  	1
Ni cch khc, mc  ni dung ca b phim ny   d dng lp y hng chc b phim khc.  	1
Lm sao c th c ai  trong tm tr mnh li yu cu bt c iu g t mt b phim hn th ny?  	1
N kh n gin, hnh thc mang tnh cht siu cao nht ca in nh.  	1
Vng, b phim ny i hi mt lng gii  kh ng k, nhng nhng mnh ghp li khp vi nhau  to nn mt bc tranh p.  	1
B phim ngn ny chc chn khng c c m no.  	0
 ha nm  phn tt nht ca tr chi.  	0
y l tr chi TH tt nht trong lot game ny.  	1
N xng ng c yu.  	1
 l mt tr chi in r.  	1
C nhng mc  ln, nhng nhn vt ln khng th kha c ... n ch l mt tr chi  s.  	1
B tin vo tr ny i.  	1
y l loi tin b lng ph ng cch.  	1
Thc ra  ha lc  rt tt.  	1
Ngy nay  ha u nhm nh.  	0
Nh h ni  Canada, y l tr chi vui v, aye.  	1
Tr chi ny l .  	1
Mua i, chi i, thng thc i.  	1
 L THIT B SNG CHI.  	1
y l mt s tht bi thm hi t quan nim ca n.  	0
 tng ca n l mt nhn vt nh t mt b phim tm thng PG-13, v hon ton khng phi l phn tip theo trong khi thay i ging iu thnh mt b phim gia nh c xp hng PG.  	0
Ti khng c cht hng th.  	0
Khng ch c th xc nhn rng b phim s khng hi hc v chung chung, nhng n cng c th cung cp cho b phim TON b phim; v ti khng phng i-mi khonh khc, mi ct truyn, mi cu chuyn ci u c k trong trailer.  	0
Nhng khng vui cht no.  	0
Nhng ngay c ti nng Carrell cng khng th cu c.  	0
Cc ngi sao ca anh ta khng c tt hn nhiu, vi nhng ngi nh Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, v Ed Helms  lng ph.  	0
Bn thn cu chuyn ch c th d on v li bing.  	0
Tc dng thc s duy nht l s hin din ca tt c cc loi ng vt, v s tch hp ca nhng ngi trong nhng cnh ny l mt trong nhng cng vic kinh khng nht v r rng nht m ti tng thy.  	0
Nhng d n l ci g m chi ph qu nhiu, n vn khng dch n cht lng, m chc chn l vy.  	0
B phim  thnh cng, hoc c l bi v, mt ngn sch kh t i.  	1
Ti rt vui v b phim khng c la chn r rng nht, v mt b phim t hn chc chn s c.  	1
Ngoi vic c mt trong nhng bi ht ng yu nht tng c vit, Php Cancan cng t ho l mt trong nhng ngi ph n hng u d thng nht tng lm Grace.  	1
Tht kh  khng ri vo tnh yu vi c gi .  	1
V tiu cc, n  mnh  gy hi tic cho 2 gi khc ca cuc sng lng ph trc mn hnh.  	0
Lu lm ri, rn r v v ngha.  	0
Nhng ti  ngh ch i nhng n lc tng lai ca h, hy b qua chuyn ny.  	0
Dn din vin xut sc, cu chuyn, din xut.  	1
Hon ton ng tin.  	1
Anne Heckhe l ngi hon ton thuyt phc.  	1
Vai din ca Sam Shepard v mt Thy qun lc chin ang tnh ru.  	1
Ti ngi cnh mn hnh TV.  	1
Tt c nhng g ti cho l 1 trong s 10 ngi b thng.  	1
Ti ngh Tom Hanks l mt din vin gii.  	1
Ti thch c cun sch ny vi cc con khi chng cn nh.  	1
Ti  rt tht vng trong phim.  	0
Mt nhn vt hon ton kh chu vi mt ging ni cho ti cm gic mng tay trn bn tay.  	0
C mt cnh tu ln/con ln hon ton khng cn thit.  	0
Hon ton khng c s m p hay s quyn r cho nhng cnh hay nhn vt ny.  	0
B phim ny lm ti bc mnh lm.  	0
Cc mn trnh din khng c ci thin bng cch ng bin, bi v cc din vin by gi c nhiu iu  lo lng: khng ch l vic h ang giao hng tt, m liu dng nhc  c hay khng.  	0
V, thnh tht m ni, thng th n khng c tt lm.  	0
Thng th cuc i thoi khng thc s theo dng ny sang dng khc, hoc ph hp vi mi trng xung quanh.  	0
N thay i vi mt nng lng khng th on trc, tr trung-nhng thnh tht m ni, ti thy kh m bm theo v tp trung vo n qu nng n.  	0
C nhng th rt hay trong .  	1
D sao ti cng khng ni l h ng gi 2 ting.  	0
Cc nh xy dng hi hp l tt, v ch vt qua ranh gii t G n PG.  	1
Ti c bit thch nhng la chn khng so vi b m; trong nhng b phim khc, ti c th d on hp thoi verbatim, nhng nhng bi vit trong b phim ny c nhng la chn tt hn.  	1
Nu bn mun mt b phim khng th tc nhng mang n cho bn mt s n lnh, y l mt s la chn tuyt vi.  	1
Alexander Nevsky l mt b phim rt hay.  	1
Anh y l mt ngh s in nh tuyt vi, mt trong nhng ngi quan trng nht tng sng.  	1
"Ti rt vui v chuyn ny, khng c ln k hoch bi hng Dodge Stratus Big Shots ... N s gip cc nh lm phim khng b hn ch ""kinh doanh in nh"" ca Qubec.  "	0
y l b phim u tin ti a ra 10 nm.  	1
Nu c mt b phim no  cn truyn ming  thc y, th y chnh l n.  	1
Nhn chung, b phim rt th v v suy ngh.  	1
Ngoi ra, n  c trang b tt v ph hp vi thi gian tng i ngn ca n.  	1
Hy cho n mt ci nhn.  	1
Ti cho n 10 im.  	1
Gi v s t c vit rt tt v hnh ng rt tuyt vi.  	1
ng l kinh in.  	1
N thc s ha ra l kh ng n n mc B-list phim kinh d/hi hp.  	1
Chc chn l phi kim tra.  	1
Vn  l kch bn.  	0
N rt gh tm.  	0
Chng c g ng tin c.  	0
S hi hp duy nht m ti cm thy l s tht vng  mc  chm pht trin ca cc c gi.  	0
MANNA FROM HEAVEN l mt b phim tuyt vi va c th d on c v khng th on trc c cng mt lc.  	1
Nhng cnh ny thng rt hi hc v thnh thong cm ng khi cc nhn vt nh gi cuc sng ca h v ni h ang i.  	1
Cc din vin k cu ch l mt chuyn i hoi nim.  	1
Vai din ca Ursula Burton trong n tu u cm ng v hi hc cng lc vi vic lm cho cc n tu hoc nh th hi hc.  	1
"Nu bn ang tm kim mt b phim vi mt dn din vin tuyt vi, mt vi bn nhc hay (bao gm c mt mn biu din Shirley Jones ca ""The Way You Look Tonight""), v mt ci kt nng cao, cho iu ny th.  "	1
Ti khng ngh anh s tht vng.  	1
Thnh tht m ni, sau khi cu lc b Cotton v UnFaithful, tht ng xu h khi xem Lane v Gere trong b phim ny, bi v  l BAD.  	0
Hnh ng rt t, cc cuc gi l cc k nng v khng thnh tht.  	0
N qu d on, k c vi mt con g mi.  	0
Qu chnh tr.  	0
Rt tht vng.  	0
iu duy nht thc s ng  xem l phong cnh v ngi nh, bi v n rt p.  	1
Ti yu Lane, nhng ti cha tng thy c y trong mt b phim t nh th ny.  	0
Mt ting ri ti c mnh c th mang li.  	0
Nhng theo cch vit th n rt ti v to bo.  	1
Din xut gip vic sng tc rt tt (c l ch em gi ngc c th  c chi tt hn), v  l mt nim vui tht s  xem.  	1
o din v quay phim khng hon ton tt.  	0
B phim rt nhm chn, ti i khi thy mnh b chim ng nh im trn bo thay v xem (khng bao gi xy ra trong mt b phim Columbo trc y!).  	0
), v i khi tht xu h n ni ti phi nhn i ch khc.  	0
o din dng nh qu kiu ngo.  	0
"Nhng cnh quay vi c gi hng xm ""trng thnh qu trng thnh"" l mt sai lm.  "	0
V ni chung cc dng v ct truyn l yu hn so vi tp trung bnh.  	0
Sau , cnh h tranh lun liu c hay khng nn  cho ngi thi kn (ngi b vu co b buc ti git ngi) l kinh d thun ty, thc s ngu ngc.  	0
"Tuy nhin, mt s ting v tay nn c dnh cho ""khc do u"".  "	1
Ti thc s thch iu .  	1
Mt b phim tuyt vi ca mt o din v i.  	1
B phim  t bn trn cnh gh ca bn v lm cho bn phn no s hi khi n xe ca bn vo cui m.  	1
m nhc trong phim cng rt p.  	1
Ti khuyn mi ngi nn i xem n.  	1
Tuyt vi!  	1
10/10  	1
Ti thch b phim ny qu nhiu.  	1
Vn  duy nht ca ti l ti ngh din vin ng vai phn din l mt Michael Ironside thp.  	0
N lm rung chuyn th gii ca ti v chc chn l mt ngi khng c ca hng x hi hay th cht.  	1
Tuy nhin, iu ny  khng to ra cho thc t rng tng th, y l mt b phim v cng nhm chn.  	0
Khng c s ha hc gia Ben Affleck v Sandra Bullock trong b phim ny, v ti khng th hiu ti sao anh ta li xem xt vic ri b v mnh v c nng ny m anh ta cho l  b nh bi.  	0
C vi khonh khc trong b phim khng cn phi   v ang i chm li.  	0
"y l mt phin bn lm li ngho nn ca ""My Best Friends Wedding"".  "	0
Tt c trong tt c, mt s tht vng ln.  	0
"Ti khng th tin rng cc din vin ng  lm ""phim"" ny.  "	0
Ti khng th ng nhn n lu v s mt IQ.  	0
Ti on l khng c ai  trn mng pht sng vin nh ny  xem n trc khi mc n vo.  	0
Xp hng ti IMDB ch gim gi thnh 1 cho khng khip,  n lc nhn c mt s s m trong cc trng hp nh th ny.  	0
"Ti  thy ""Mirrormask"" ti qua v  l mt tri nghim khng tha ng.  "	0
Tht khng may, s thiu kinh nghim v hng i c ngha l cnh sau khi cnh phim tri qua vi cht t v nhng cng thng hay xung t.  	0
y l nhng ch  trung tm ca b phim v chng c x l mt cch kho lo, rp khun v khng c chiu su ca tr tng tng.  	0
Tt c nhng bc nh p trn th gii ny khng th b li cho mt tc phm thiu st  li.  	0
 l mt ting ri lng ph thi gian, theo sau mt m hc sinh rt xinh p v khc v cuc i.  	0
Anh khng th lin h vi h, anh hu nh khng th hiu h.  	0
y chc chn l mt s th cng c in v chia s vi nhng ngi khc.  	1
B phim ny l mt thm ha tinh khit, cu chuyn ngu ngc v chnh sa l iu ti t nht m ti tng thy, n lm bn ngc nhin.  	0
Loi c ny c to ra v mt s cnh quay di nc ca n c lp i lp li hng nghn ln trong phim.  	0
Mt b phim thc s ti t.  	0
Din xut tht kinh khng, v ch vit t hn.  	0
Cch duy nht c th l b phim ny c th c gi l MST3K fodder.  	0
Ti  tr qu nhiu.  	0
Ngoi ra, vic xem Anthony Quinn ng vai Crazy Horse.  	1
Tht l t nht!  	0
Khng c m mu g!  	0
Mt ln na, khng c m mu g c.  	0
Kinh khng!  	0
Mt gi t nht v mt na cuc i ti!i cha i!  	0
Ti phi ra rp ht vi pht ch  c nh nhm thi!  	0
Ti ght nhng b phim nh th.  	0
Yeah, b phim kh t y.  	0
KHNG C CT TRUYN HAY CT TRUYN!  	0
Nu bn i xem phim ny, hy mang gi hoc bn trai bn trai  bn c th vt qua.  	0
Kinh khng.  	0
Ti khng ngh ti  tng i xem phim v khng thch n nhiu nh vy.  	0
 l mt iu tt m v ch tn 5  la v ti s pht in nu ti phi tr $7.50  xem th ny.  	0
KHNG AI NHN DNG NHNG NHN VT NY BI V H U L NHNG TM BA CNG V NHNG KHUN MU (HAY D ON NHNG NH KIN O NGC).  	0
y l mt b phim d t, vi nhng bi vit xu, v nhng iu tt p ... mt b phim hot hnh xu x c sng tc bi Paul Haggis dnh cho nhng ngi khng th x l c g khc ngoi nhng nt to bo trong chuyn k ... mt bc tranh c v bng bt ch.  	0
Crash l mt iu khng th nhn mnh, kch ng cm xc, nhng dy bn khng g nu bn  bit phn bit chng tc v nh kin l iu xu.  	0
D sao, ti cng thch b phim ny v s trao quyn cho ph n, khng c  phim nh th ny.  	1
No ca bn s c gng tt nh mt phn ca s t bo v.  	0
Ti b b ri khi tri nghim xem 'phim' v ti mt hai gi  hi phc hon ton.  	0
B phim ny by gi tham gia vo Revenge of the Boogeyman v Zombiez nh mt phn ca ba b phim kinh d.  	0
Ti chc chn khng c  khc bit ny mt cch tt p.  	0
 ti l theo mt cch khng khip.  	0
B phim ny khng c cc tnh nng b li.  	0
Mi th tht kinh khng.  	0
My quay khng ngng xut hin khng ngng trnh by chng ta vi bi cnh xu x nht c th tng tng ra, tc l  	0
Cu chuyn cn hn c ngu ngc.  	0
Kch bn ... c kch bn khng?  	0
Bn tr rt phin phc.  	0
Ngi dn u c uy tn.  	0
Hon ton khng c gi tr  bt k cp  no, y cng ging nh tra tn.  	0
Ti s ni li ln na-y l tra tn.  	0
C l s c li gii thch hp l cho s tn bo ny.  	0
Khng phi l mt chuyn i vui v t khm ph.  	0
Khng nn khuyn khch.  	0
Nu gi thuyt ny nghe c v ngu ngc,  l bi v n l vy.  	0
Phi, t lm.  	0
Khng c g  khuyn c.  	0
Mt mn trnh din tuyt vi t Ms.  	1
Garbo, ngi  cho thy ti nng ca c y c th tip tc t thi i im lng (ti mun xem mt s tc phm thm lng ca c y, nhng Netflix dng nh khng lu tr h.  	1
Tht tuyt khi thy rng nh bin kch cm ni ting Frances Marion khng h b l mt bc i t im lng n m thanh.  	1
B phim ny b nh hng bi cch vit, n cn nhiu s hi hp hn.  	0
C qu nhiu ngi thn.  	0
Nhng ngoi ra, b phim dng nh ko di v cc anh hng khng thc s lm vic cho s t do ca h.  	0
Nhng b phim ny chc chn l gi thu nh di mc trung bnh.  	0
""" Anh s thch n!  "	1
B phim ny l BAD.  	0
T tht.  	0
B phim qu di.  	0
y chc chn l mt trong nhng k xu.  	0
B phim m ti nhn c l mt b phim c cht lng tuyt vi cho  tui ca n.  	1
John Wayne  lm mt vic khng th tin c v  qu tr trong ngnh cng nghip in nh.  	1
S hin din ca ng trn mn hnh  suy ngh mc d c nhng din vin cao cp khc trn mn nh vi ng.  	1
Ti ngh rng  l mt b phim ca John Wayne.  	1
Ti tht s khng hiu lm sao ai  c th thng thc b phim ny.  	0
Ti khng ngh l ti  tng thy mt na b phim nhm chn nh ci th rc ri ny.  	0
C l s tt hn nu gim c khng dnh hu ht cc b phim  gii thiu tc phm ngh thut ca ring mnh, iu  thc s khng ng ch .  	0
Mt iu khc ti khng thc s thch l khi mt nhn vt b m vo mt, mt gallon mu s chy ra ngay sau .  	0
Jamie Foxx hon ton l Ray Charles.  	1
Mn trnh din ca anh ta ch n gin  	1
"ng s hu b phim, cng nh Spacek s hu ""Coal Miner's Daughter"" v Quaid s hu "" Great Balls of Fire.  "	1
""" Tht ra, kh m nh c phn Ray Charles ang hnh ng, ch khng phi do ngi n ng chi.  "	1
Ray Charles l huyn thoi.  	1
Cuc i ca Ray Charles  cung cp cht liu tiu s tuyt vi cho b phim, vt xa hn ch l mt b phim khc v mt nhc s.  	1
Hitchcock l mt o din v i.  	1
Tr tru thay, ti hu nh ch tm thy nhng b phim ca anh y mt tng ph thi gian  xem  	0
Th hai, Hitchcock c hon thin kh nhiu b phim kinh d v ui theo.  	1
 l nguyn nhn dn n khn gi ph hoi hu ht cc b phim ca ng ta.  	0
Do  ton b cu chuyn thiu mt ngun nng lng nht nh.  	0
Ct truyn ch n gin l tin n v mt c my, tuyt vng ph thuc vo vic b sung nhng cnh mi.  	0
C nhng sai st thng thng ca Hitchcock.  	0
Mishima v cng v cng th v.  	0
y l mt b phim lnh lo, khng ng ch  v mt tc gi sng/lm vic trong mt nn vn ha tru tng lnh.  	0
S ti hin bng phng khng khin bn ch  bi v chng c s rn nt v mt cm xc v s tr tr.  	0
V phn cn li ca n ch l mt s khng khip ... vi nhng ngi lnh ht nhng bi ht v s nam tnh m h cam kt, chia r v s thun khit, s ngng m ca thanh kim, v.v.  	0
Hn c th lm anh chn cht, v git  ca mt b phim, nhanh hn bt c ai khc.  	0
Schrader  thc hin mt bn tm tt y  cc b phim nghip d, t hi.  	0
Khi ln u tin ti xem b phim ny, vo nhng nm 80, ti thch n.  	1
Ti hon ton b m hoc bi m nhc, iu nhy ... mi th.  	1
Tuy nhin, gn y ti  xem li ton b mi th trn a DVD, v ti hon ton b nh bi bi ci ct truyn cc k ngu ngc-lm th no m n cha ng nhng ci l, nhng mu thun v thng thn-mt m to lao-v iu nhy nh th no.  	0
 ti l, trong mt th gii thc t, c y s khng bao gi vo c tit mc ma ba l  ... Ton b chuyn ny tht thm hi.  	0
S pht trin ca nhn vt cng thiu  su.  	0
Woa, ni chuyn kinh khng i.  	0
ng ph thi gian.  	0
N qu khng khip.  	0
Mt cuc i thoi ng yu nht ... Ti c th tip tc.  	0
Nhng iu thc s khin n khng th canh phng l hng i.  	0
Nhng din vin ti nghip.  	0
Anh thm ch cn khng bit h c ti no v h khng ch c nhng cu chuyn thm hi  ni nhng o din khng cho h hnh ng.  	0
Nu anh kim tra h s ca gim c trn trang ny anh s thy ti sao b phim ny khng c c hi.  	0
iu ny thm ch s khng tt nh mt sn phm cho TV flick.  	0
Nu  nh tt lm cho mt b phim tuyt vi, th b phim ny c th l mt trong nhng b phim v i nht tng c thc hin.  	1
B phim c cc din vin tuyt vi, mt o din chnh, mt ch  quan trng ... t nht l mt ch  c  ngha, nhn mnh n nhng nm 50 th gii eo trn khng, nhng cnh trn khng nn  lm cho c cm gic v tr tng tng rng mnh, v cc nhn vt trong . mt ngi quan tm su sc.  	1
Tht ng tic, b phim tht bi.  	0
B phim thiu s quan tm v hnh nh, kch tnh, th hin cm gic, v l k nim lng yu nc rt nhn mnh cu chuyn.  	0
Khng c n din vin no t hn khi s dng June Allison trong b phim ny.  	0
Nhng ti thch xem n.  	1
Tht khng may, y l mt b phim ti t.  	0
Kch bn xu, hng xu v hnh ng khng khip lm cho ci ny tr nn ti t!  	0
Cuc i thoi t lm.  	0
Cc rp chiu phim-nu n c th c gi l-ht.  	0
Nhc phim d t.  	0
Din xut tht t.  	0
Chui bui ha nhc va b ht.  	0
Hay y.  	1
Bun ci tht.  	1
Tht bun ci.  	1
Nhn chung, b phim ny l thng rc r tin.  	0
Nhng b phim ny khng hi hc cht no.  	0
Ti cm thy tc gin.  	0
*** SPOILERS* ** Bt c iu g khc c th (hoc khng th) c ni v n, B mt c to ra mt cch siu mt.  	1
Cc rp chiu phim ch n gin l chong vng ( ni t nht) v fx khng l g nu khng phi l nh nc ngh thut.  	1
V mt khi nim, chng trnh cung cp mt cht tt c mi th-v cho tt c mi ngi (cha m, tr em, o tng v/hoc fx).  	1
V cng khng c mt nt schua no tc dng vi din xut-khn ngoan, hay, mt cch chc chn ng ngc nhin,  y.  	1
Tt c mi th u c cn nhc, mt cng vic rt tt.  	1
Cm n mt b phim nh th ny  c thc hin v pht hnh.  	1
Mt trong nhng b phim Mexico hay nht t trc n nay, v mt trong nhng b phim t c hiu hn, thm ch c bn thn mexican, cho d n c cm gic nh th no i na.  	1
N c xp hng cao nh mt v kch ln v ti phm ti phm, cc mn trnh din tuyt vi ca Belmondo v Lino Ventura.  	1
S ch  dnh cho tng nhn vt, v nhng bc chn dung tm l phc tp, chi tit v lng trung thnh, s phn bi, tnh yu, v hy vng, rt to ln.  	1
y l mt b phim xut sc, mt b phim kinh d xut sc, v mt b phim xut sc.  	1
Trn  vi phn tt nht ca Melville.  	1
Mi th v b phim ny ch n gin l phi thng  	1
Bn thc s thc hin cuc hnh trnh ny qua i mt v tm hn ca mt a tr.  	1
BLACK WATER l mt b phim kinh d  hon ton vt qua gii hn ca n (n l mt b phim c lp) bng cch lin tc lt  k vng ni ln nh mt tri nghim mnh lit.  	1
Cc bui biu din l tht v au kh, crocdodile c thc hin rt tt, qu thc nu trang web ca Black Water c tin l bi v h  s dng crocs tht v v tr m ly l tuyt vi.  	1
Ti rt thch n khi Christopher Eccleston nm quyn kim sot TARDIS v phn tip theo ca b truyn.  	1
Ti khng chc hn nh lm g vi b phim ny.  	0
Nu  l  bin ngy tt lnh ca ti tr thnh mt m ca nhng k nim kh chu hn l ti ngh ng y  thnh cng.  	0
C rt nhiu ni p.  	1
N b p buc, ging nh mi th trong phim ny.  	0
Li na, qu.  	0
y l ni m b phim thc s l pi * *ed me off.  	0
V ng c bt ti bt u vi my ci my quay phim ngu ngc .  	0
Khi ti nhn thy n trong nh ht ti ngh mnh s b bnh.  	0
Tm tt: s d dm khng phi l s d dm.  	0
Ti  ni l ti s b qua chuyn ny.  	0
Din xut rt t.  	0
Rt t.  	0
Thm ch Billy Bob cng khng th vt qua kch bn, iu  cn t hn.  	0
Quay phim ... mt ln na, Bad.  	0
nh gi: 1 trn 10.  	0
Mt tp cui tuyt vi cho b ba hay nht mi thi i ca BEST!  	1
Kieslowski khng bao gi ngng lm ti ngc nhin.  	1
ng l mt trong nhng o din yu thch ca ti, v l mt trong nhng o din ti nng nht trong lch s in nh.  	1
Vic s dng mu sc ca c Php trong ba b phim khng c g l khng th tin c, mi cnh quay, mi cnh u nh mt tc phm ngh thut.  	1
Ba trong s nhng b phim hp dn nht m ti tng thy.  	1
V mi lin h tinh t gia ba b phim tht tuyt vi.  	1
Ti phi  cp n iu ny v n l mt k hy dit khng l, ti thch kt thc, lm th no tt c cc nhn vt ca ba b phim l nhng ngi cn sng st ca thm ha ph, cng vi Valentine v cc thm phn tr cng nhau, v ng gi theo di trn TV ca c y, cng c hnh phc ca mnh vi nhng au kh m ng  phi chu ng trong nhiu nm qua.  	1
Ti khng th ngh ra cch no tt hn  kt thc phim, nhng mt n ci trn mt ti, cch tuyt vi  kt thc mt b phim v b ba tuyt vi!  	1
Ti  ngh iu ny cho mi ngi yu thch phim nh, phim nh, bt c th g ...Mt tc phm ngh thut!  	1
10 trn 10 cho c b phim v b ba.  	1
Ti  nn trong khi xem phim ny.  	0
Ti ngh ti l mt trong nhng ngi tm thy ci ny mt vin ngc trai ca Roth.  	1
Mn trnh din ca anh y, nh c trao, l  	1
Cu chuyn c k rt hng hn bi Francis Ford Coppola 25 nm trc , thc s khng c gp li v ri khi phng  cc nhn vt pht trin.  	1
Trong mt a im tuyt vi nht l mt cu chuyn v s tng phn.  	1
"Tt c trong tt c cc b phim c o din rt p t phim ""roeg"" ca Nicola mt dn din vin.  "	1
Ti ang dch phim cho mt ngi sng v y l b phim u tin trong 5 nm kinh nghim lm vic m ti  tm thy xc phm tr thng minh ca mnh.  	0
"Nhng khi ai  phn u v s v i v th ca, nhng li mang n mt cu chuyn bun ci (v thng l l bch), mt lot nhng cnh khc nhau, nhng cuc i thoi tn thnh ... Sau  bn s c mt b phim t nht m mt s nh ph bnh khc  nh ngha rt chnh xc l ""nhng th v vn"".  "	0
i vi nhng ngi tm thy b phim ny thng minh hay thm ch l ch mu, ti ch c th ni- l tr thng minh v tr tng tng ca bn m r rng l bn  tng c gng v thc hin mt s  ngha ca n lc ng thng ny (n nm trong bn cht con ngi ca chng ta  c gng v to ra cm gic v mi th).  	0
Mt iu na: Ti c th chu ng s bt n chnh tr rt tt, tt c ti dnh cho t do ngh thut v nh ch s hoi nghi, nhng nhn vt n Slav ch l qu nhiu.  	0
y l mt b phim vui nhn v hi hc.  	1
Rt th v  mi gc .  	1
N c mt mng ngoi ca cc loi ht ng nh, tm thn nhng ng yu.  	1
V vy, v nim vui ca chng ta, chng ta s thy chng chy vng quanh, chi tr chi, v tr nn nguy him.  	1
N thm ch c nhng khonh khc ngt ngo.  	1
Ngi sa cha in thoi thc s rt hi hc v phn ng ca anh ta i vi nhng tn trm in r v bitchy thc s l tht.  	1
Tt c cc nhn vt trong phim ny u c chi rt tt.  	1
V ti thc s thy chng bun ci.  	1
y thc s l mt b phim rt thng minh.  	1
C mt kt thc xut sc.  	1
""" Ti thch n.  "	1
Kt thc l qu hon ho ... anh s lm rch mt git nc mt.  	1
Ti rt vui sau khi xem mt b phim nh th ny.  	1
Ti s khng bao gi qun n by gi.  	1
N khng ch l mt gio phi ... m l mt s th cng c in.  	1
N c chiu su v tnh cch hn ngi n ng bn di.  	0
Cc thit lp Malta kh v cn ci nh i thoi.  	0
B phim ny tht kinh khng.  	0
Nhng cnh phim v khc cn cu rt khng khip, t v nh 5 tui, cc th mn ln  nhng bc nh rng 10 feet, v.v ...  	0
Vi nhng ngi cha tng thy, th ng ph thi gian!  	0
 gi b phim ny l mt b phim tht l bch!  	0
Bt u xem ci ny nhng khng tin vo bt c nhn vt no.  	0
c bit l mi quan h gia tr l tim bnh v c hu bn khng lm vic cho ti cht no.  	0
 l mt b phim rt hi ht v n cho ti cm gic ti ang xem v kch hn l mt b phim.  	0
Cc nhn vt rt 'nh tr' v ct truyn ging nh mt tr h sn khu.  	0
Vo thi im bn cung dm  t tr l ti chn nn v khng quan tm chuyn g xy ra tip theo v v vy ti  tt my.  	0
Mng l ti khng tr tin  xem n.  	0
Khng ci hay thm ch l ci mt ln.  	0
Nhng n khng phi l bt c iu g ...  	0
 l mt chng trnh rt hay  xem.  	1
N rt gio dc cho tr t 1 n 8 tui.  	1
Barney chc chn l ngi u tay.  	1
Tht bun ci.  	1
Babie Bop rt d thng.  	1
Bn tr cng rt tuyt.  	1
""" Nhng ""Storm Trooper"" thm ch cn khng  t  a n vo danh sch nhng b phim kinh khng tuyt vi.  "	0
Ch l chn thi.  	0
Ngi ni anh ta c cuc i thoi tt hn vi cy trng ca anh ta l ng.  	0
Mi th v b phim ny tht ngu ngc.  	0
Thm ch nu anh thch phim xu, th ng xem b phim ny.  	0
Tht ng xu h.  	0
Ti s cho b phim truyn hnh ny 10 cng thm nu ti c th.  	1
"Cc nh vn  ""v tnh"" v ti ngh rng nhng din vin v n din vin xut sc nht l mt phn thng cho chng trnh. Nhng nhn vt ny tht s rt tht.  "	1
Ti phi ni rng ti  ghi m hu ht cc tp phim v ti thy bn thn mnh nhn h ht ln ny n ln khc.  	1
By gi anh  bit ti sao ti cho n 10 +!  	1
Ti khng bit chnh xc n l g v b phim ny, nhng chng ti bm vo b phim ng yu ny v n  tr thnh mt phn c bit trong k c ca gia nh chng ti.  	1
Ti hon ton  ngh b phim ny cho bt c ai thch nhng b phim gia nh lnh mnh bi v  chnh xc l iu ny.  	1
Nhng iu m bn a tr t lm cho mnh tr nn rt vui nhn  xem.  	1
y l mt trong nhng b phim hay nht  ngoi kia.  	1
Th v hn nhiu, hnh ng hn, hi hp hn, v t tranh ci khng cn thit.  	1
Mi th t din xut n quay phim u l cht rn.  	1
Chc chn l phi kim tra.  	1
Damian rt ti nng v linh hot trong rt nhiu cch vit v miu t cc nhn vt khc nhau trn mn hnh.  	1
B phim ny c mt kha cnh ct gim.  	1
Ti rt vui mng c bit mt thin ti hin i nh vy ang  ngoi ,  cho nim am m ca Art l thc y anh ta v a chng ti ln lm khn gi vi anh ta.  	1
Nhn vt mi khng phi l tt c nhng g ng nh, v ti  qun mt ai l ai.  	0
Ti cm thy nh th c y n Ai-len chng l g c.  	0
N khng lm ti s hi, kinh hong, hay lm ti cm thng vi cc nhn vt; n ch n gin l kh chu.  	0
My ci my quay d hi cng kh chu lm.  	0
Ct truyn cng tng t nh nhng th kinh d r tin khc.  	0
C mt vi n lc ng thng hi  cho cc nhn vt c chiu su, nhng n khng thc s tc ng vo phn cn li ca ct truyn.  	0
Ti on  l mt cch khn kho, sau  soi sng tnh hnh, nhng tht l ngu ngc.  	0
Nu thy n, c l anh nn  n trn k.  	0
Elias Koteas, Jack Palance chi vai din tt khi Angelina ang nng bng v kha thn. Billy Drago xut hin trong phim ny v rt ngu nh thng l + mt cameo ca Sven ole Thorsen gip lm cho b phim ny tr thnh mt b phim th v vi din xut tt v mt ngn sch t t.  	1
y l mt b phim tuyt vi m ti  mua n t Ebay.  	1
Ti rt thch cu chuyn v con gu Poler rt d thng nhng nu ai  c cu hi v Fort Steele, hy hi:)  	1
B phim hon ton bun ci ny l qu ln so vi nh cao v thm hi v khng thc t trong sut 90 pht hnh ng tra tn ti c l  nhn vo chic ng h ca ti khong 700000 ln!  	0
Lucy Bell cn cao hn c ng phn ny v  c ta nh chm ci thp ny.  	0
Tt c nhng g b phim ny lm anh pht m khi xem tt c nhng k theo di  l l do cho hnh ng ngu ngc ca h trong 90 pht.  	0
Cha i, v ti khng bao gi c th ly li 90 pht!  	0
"Ti ngh nhng phn tuyt vi nht (theo ngha en, y ""k quan"") l on trch t cc tc phm ca ng.  "	1
Cc tp hp (c bit l thit k  lm vic vi my nh) l tuyt vi ... cch iu, p v hiu qu.  	1
Chng c th c s dng nh l biu mu cho bt k nh thit k no.  	1
Nhng cu chuyn l nhng khm ph mnh m v bn cht ca con ngi v ngh thut.  	1
Sau khi xem b phim ny, ti mun tm hiu thm v cc tc phm ca ngh s ny.  	1
Ti  ngh b phim ny cho bt c ai quan tm n ngh thut, th ca, sn khu, chnh tr, hay lch s Nht Bn.  	1
" y, trong cun ""The Wind and the Lion"", chng ta thy mt s kt xut tuyt vi v thi i hong gia ca nc M.  "	1
) iu lm cho cu chuyn ny khc bit l nhng gi tr sn xut tuyt vi-nhip nh, sng tc v bin tp-dn din vin tuyt vi-Brian Keith nh gi cao vai bt nt Teddy-v lch s sinh ng.  	1
"Mc d The Wind and the Lion c k phn ln thng qua i mt ca con trai, mi thnh vin trong gia nh c th xc nh vi mt trong nhng nhn vt, d l Sean Connery cao qu ca Sean Connand, n anh hng feisty ca Candace, John Huston's wily John Hay hay Steve Kaloy's ""radiant, radiant"", ""rang-do c thn"" ca Roosevelt, ""Big Stick"" ca Roosevelt.  "	1
y l cuc phiu lu cao nht.  	1
Ti ngh  l b phim hay nht ca Robert Ryans, bi v ng miu t mt ngi nh cha ti, v ng l mt ngi tm thn phn lit trong cuc sng thc, (cha ti) mc d ng khng bao gi git ai nhng li b nh hng nhiu hn th trong cuc chin tranh th gii th hai khin ng xu i.  	1
Phi hi hc mi c th qua c ngy hm nay.  	1
(M v anh trai ti phi lm iu ny) Khi ti thy Robert Ryan miu t loi ngi ny,  l mt s bt chc rt tt v loi ngi ny, v ti  rt n tng.  	1
Hu nh tt c cc bi ht trong Cover Girl u li thi v khng phi l rt ng xu h.  	0
iu kh chu nht v 'Cover Girl' l cch m Rita Hayworth c dng ln mt ci b.  	0
Khng may, 'Cover Girl' l mt v d v cch m Hollywood s dng  khai thc ph n v li ch ti chnh.  	0
S tng thut phi tuyn tnh nh vy c rt nhiu on hi tng v mi phn u c khp ni kh tt.  	1
Quay phim tt cng khin c y v Monica Bellucci trng rt p.  	1
Mt bi bnh lun tt v tnh yu ngy hm nay v chc chn l mt b phim ng xem.  	1
Vi nhng ngi ln u tin trong qu trnh sn xut phim, ti ngh h  lm mt cng vic tuyt vi!!  	1
N rt ph bin khi ti  rp chiu phim, mt ngi nh tt v nhng phn ng rt tt v nhiu ting ci.  	1
 l mt b phim cm xc v  l cm gic ca ti khi ti bc ra khi rp chiu phim!  	1
N c tnh hi hc pha bc v tch cc v cng ng m n i din.  	1
Ti thch n hn.  	1
Ti thch n.  	1
Ti khng th coi trng h c.  	0
N thc s to ra mt cm gic c o.  	1
Vivian Schilling  lm mt cng vic tuyt vi vi kch bn.  	1
Mt th gii tt hn 95% rc thi trong nh ht hm nay.  	1
Vai din ca c c din ra rt tt  	1
Khng qu ht ln khng phi vi nam tnh m l ng.  	1
My quay tht s thch c y trong b phim ny.  	1
Ti s ng vai c y trong vai  sau khi kch bn sn sng.  	1
Vi t cch l mt ngi chu u, b phim l mt s quay tr li thi ca ti vi t cch l mt sinh vin nm 1980 v nhng tri nghim m ti  sng  nc ngoi v tng tc vi cc quc tch khc, mc d hon cnh hi khc nhau.  	1
Ti l fan ca ... B phim ny t lm.  	0
Cn t hn l Ticker!  	0
V b phim  rt t.  	0
Ch c 3 hoc 4 ta nh c s dng, mt vi a im MAYBE, & ti nghip humh!  	0
N va n.  	0
B phim ny tht tuyt vi!Angel rt p v Scamp rt ng yu!Mu vng nh ca anh y khi hes s hi, v nhng phn hi hc nht l khi: Scamp b bt di tm rm v khi Angel v Scamp ang ht 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before' .I hon ton  ngh b phim ny, n s pht hnh trn phin bn c bit vo ngy 20.6 V bc b kp vo thng rc v Angel bn di np y.  	1
Ti ch c gng gii thch cho b phim ny hn l lng mn, quyn r, vui nhn v ng yu. nhng cnh bi ph liu tht bun ci, tt c nhng con ch in lon u c ci g  c bit. n c nhiu tnh nng mi!  	1
By gi chng ti c chn  b tra tn vi mnh t tuyn truyn kinh tm ny ca ngi M.  	0
Chng trnh ny c thc hin cho ngi M. N qu ngu ngc v y hn th  c tha nhn  ni khc.  	0
Hu ht mi ngi lin quan phi tr li trng hc, hnh ng hon ton c th d on v xu, kch bn l ng rc trn.  	0
Ti c g c th i vo nhng gi tr tiu cc, tha qu v?  	0
Cc tp phim rt t, chng s khng xut hin trong mt tp phim Thunderbirds.  	0
Vic s dng cc on lp i chm li khng cn thit phi lp li trong sut b phim nhng vn c h tr bi hnh ng xu (v xu l mt t tt), khng c s lin tc, nhng cnh c nm vo m khng c l do g, cc loi xe trng ging nh chng c lm t a Ng Flakes v mt phong cch o din tip gip vi s ngu ngc.  	0
Oh yeah, v ct truyn cng tht thm hi.  	0
Ti ght phi vit nhng bi nh gi xu v phim-c bit l nhng phim ti thc s thch ngi sao-nhng b phim ny tht t, ti khng tin vo mt giy m bt c ai cng c th t ho v n.  	0
Ti khng phi l mt nh lm phim, cng khng phi l mt o din, nhng ti s giu u mnh trn ct nu ti chi ht s tin v thi gian cho b phim ny.  	0
Ni tm li, y l mt s lng ph thi gian v nng lng v ti s khng  ngh bt c ai cho EER xem b phim ny.  	0
N c t do vi mt my DVD m ti mua nhng ti vn tt n i v ti thy xu h v Howell.  	0
1/10-v ch v khng c thit lp cho 0/10.  	0
Mt tin  th v, v Billy Drago lun gii nh mt k in nguy him (nt nhc: Ti rt mun xem Drago, Stephen McHattie v Lance Hendrikson trong mt cuc vui vi nhau; hy ni v chuyn cheekbones cung nhit!).  	1
Nhc phim cng khng t lm.  	1
Nhng din xut -- thm ch nhng chuyn gia nh Drago v Debbie Rochon-tht kinh khng, o din ti t hn (c l l ng gp cho trc y), hp thoi trng ging nh, v cng vic ca my quay phim, hu nh khng th tha th.  	0
"Tuy nhin,  l SETS c quy m ln ""10"" trn thang ""oy-vey"" ca ti.  "	1
Vng, ti ang n gin ha mi th  y v li ch ca s ngn gn, v iu ny thc s l ct li ca nhng vn  vi b phim ny-n c qu nhiu vic din ra m khng c bt k li gii thch thc s no.  	0
C hai u lm tt v kh th v.  	1
Nhng m mu phc tp khng thuyt phc c ti, v phn ln b phim c xem vi mt cch nhn k l, thc mc.  	0
Ti   bn gi ni vi ti xem ci  tng ti t ny, c hai chng ti u ght n.  	0
15 pht cui phim cng khng t.  	1
Bela Lugosi hon ton l nhng ng nt k l.  	0
Din xut l mt b phim bng g decidely, mc d khng t hn mt b phim thi k Universal B.  	0
Ti thch Armand Assante & cng ty truyn hnh cp ca ti nghe c v th v, v vy ti  xem n, hai ln ri, v c l s cn na.  	1
Ti tin rng nh bin kch  lm mt vic tt  tht cht cc kt thc.  	1
im s 8/10 ca ti ch yu l dnh cho ct truyn.  	1
Ti s khng ni na-Ti khng thch nhng tn cp, v vy ti khng mun l mt, nhng ti tin b phim ny xng ng vi thi gian ca bn.  	1
Wow, tht l mt b phim ti t.  	0
Khng ng s cht no, v khng th no hiu c.  	0
Ct truyn khng t hp li vi nhau, v din xut l hon ton kinh khng.  	0
Thm ch khng tt cho doanh tri!  	0
Ti khng ng l Oscar, nhng ci ny?  	0
Bn s phi c ch s IQ ca ng vt thn mm ngu ngc c bit  khng nhn thy iu .  	0
B phim ny (v ti s dng t  mt cch lng lo) l mt s xc phm ti cng chng.  	0
Nu ch c ai  lin quan n n bit cch ni li cu chuyn.  	0
y ch l 1 trong 10, n gin l v khng c g thp hn.  	0
y l mt ci ti khng c, nhng ti  xem n gn y trn knh Fox Movie Channel, v rt tht vng.  	0
Ti bit anh ta l mt cu th hp ng c t kim sot kch bn, nhng din xut cng t nh kch bn vy.  	0
Victor McLaglen thm ch cn xu, v Brian DonLevy gn nh khng th nhn ra.  	0
Xem xt cc mi quan h ngoi mn hnh gia Taylor v Stanwyck, tht ngc nhin khi thy mt cht ha hc trn mn hnh gia hai ngi h.  	0
Nhng tin  ca b phim tht l bch: Tng thng M  	0
Nhng cnh quay ci cht hon ton khng di chuyn.  	0
Th duy nht ti t hn vic din xut ca Taylor l ging ht ca Stanwyck.  	0
D nh sn xut ang lm g, th anh ta cng  b l.  	0
Ti  rt n tng vi nhn vt m ng  ng.  	1
Ti bit khi ti thy b phim m nhiu iu tuyt vi hn s n t mt din vin ti nng.  	1
Mt b phim trm r tin v hot no vin vi c tnh km, rt nhiu nhng k tht bi theo phong cch kh chu (ngh Chow Yun Fat trong A Better Tomorrow) v mt s so  b nm vo mt nh my b b hoang sn sng cho mt vi phi hnh t judo b hnh quyt. John Woo.  	0
Ngay c m ng cng trng kinh khng.  	0
Khng c im no trong cc th tc lm n trng ging nh nc M.  	0
Ct truyn, chng hn nh n l, l o hm v c th d on c rng kt thc ging nh mt v git ngi thng xt.  	0
Nhng cuc i thoi kinh khng v v vng bi nhng ngi b bn vo u mt s lng ph khng gian v thi gian.  	0
Ti  rt bt bnh vi b phim ny, nhng khng h s hi cht no.  	0
Cc cuc i thoi c sng tc bi nhng th khng c  ngha.  	0
Khong 30 pht cnh quay  b lng ph  th hin nhng din vin cao tui vng v vng v  lm cho mt thanh thiu nin tr nn en ti, gn nh lun lun trong ting Anh Olde, v i khi trong ting Latin c th c hoc khng c to ra. t ng.  	0
o din cng cu th hn.  	0
Hackneyed vit, chc chn, nhng thm ch cn t hn bi o din xu.  	0
Tt nhin, din xut l bla.  	0
Din xut ca ton b dn din vin c th c t trn mt quy m v cn bng hon ton gia vic din xut qu mc v km din xut.  	0
V cui cng, sau tt c nhng iu , chng ta s kt thc n s c gii quyt bi nhng ngi c thm quyn ch khng phi Jerry Falwell.  	0
Ti rt thch b phim ny, n l mt vai din tuyt vi ca mt gia nh ngi  c mt phn ca s thng ln v xung, nhng cui cng h bit rng tnh yu c bit m h dnh cho nhau.  	1
Ti  xem rt nhiu b phim c s tham gia ca Jaclyn Smith, nhng cha i y l mt trong nhng iu tt nht ca c y, mc d n ra i 12 nm trc.  	1
B phim ny c mt dn din vin ton sao, v nhng g ti yu thch nht l n m mt ti  xem nhng din vin khc m ti cha tng thy trc y.  	1
B phim ny c chiu di kh di, nhng ti rt thch n.  	1
Tng th ti nh gi b phim ny l 10 trong t l 1-10.  	1
Cuc i khng phi l khng kh n , nn nu ai  bit ca hng no bn n cho ti bit, bi v y l mt vic phi lm.  	1
Ti c bit nh cc gic quan ca ti b tn cng bi nhng si dy m nhc ni bt vi nhng li cnh bo rt t, v thm ch t c  ngha hn.  	0
 ch l mt loi pip c sng lc vo bui chiu  trng pht nhng ngi tht nghip v khng c vic lm.  	0
Hon ton khc bit, vi rt nhiu tuyn b v hi kch en ti, y l mt b phim t c xem, nhng nhng ai lm s nh n n.  	1
B phim ny to ra v tr ring ca n, v rt th v v mi mt.  	1
Nhng b phim ny thc s nh hng n ti.  	1
Nhn i.  	1
Ti thc s hy vng i bng ng sau b phim ny s lm nhiu phim hn, v rng h s tip tc lm nh vy trong chnh bn thn mnh, mt phong cch kh k l.  	1
V ti  qun: The Casting here i superb, vi Trond Fausa Aurvg hon ho trong vai tr ca Bothersome Man, ngi khng hiu anh ta ang  u, anh ta ang lm g v ti sao.  	1
B phim ny l mt bnh lun tt v hi hc v cuc sng vo nm 2006.  	1
Ti thy n di chuyn rt p, th v v nng cao.  	1
Ban u, cc a phng trong phim, c quay ti y ti Buffalo, gy t m cho ti.  	1
Sau  ti thy bn thn mnh b mt trong sc mnh ca b phim.  	1
Ton b khn gi hoan nghnh  phn kt thc ca b phim.  	1
Ti ri rp ht vi mt nim vui trong bc chn, nim vui trong tri tim v hy vng cho nhn loi.  	1
Duris c ngoi hnh lnh mnh v c mt mn trnh din tt.  	1
Phn cn li ca dn din vin cng chi tt.  	1
K thut quay phim ng ch  bao gm cc quan im tt ca Barcelona v cc thp Gaudi ni ting.  	1
Khong 10 pht trong b phim ny, ti bt u c nhng suy ngh th hai.  	0
Khong mt na so vi b phim ny ti bt u khng thch n.  	0
Khi b phim kt thc, ti khng nhng khng thch n, ti khinh thng n.  	0
B phim ny thiu mt kch bn c sc thuyt phc.  	0
Kch bn ny trng nh th ch l mt bn nhp th  c vit v quay phim bt u trc khi mt kch bn hon chnh c hon thnh.  	0
Chuyn xy ra, nhn vt c s thay i, ct truyn xoay quanh l khng c l do thc s no khc ngoi nhng li ku gi .  	0
Dn din vin tt.  	1
V iu , rt ng  kim tra.  	1
y c l l chng trnh gy kh chu nht m ti tng thy trong i.  	0
y l mn trnh din kh chu nht v ngu ngc nht m ti tng thy.  	0
Mi th v n u t hi.  	0
Ti khng th hiu ni, tn ngc no s to ra m hn n ny ngay t u m khng  cp n mt ma gii.  	0
Kch bn ny rt t, rt t-n cha c hai loi ph mai v tr a phi o c m bn thng thy trong b phim c nh gi R hoc NC-17.  	0
Vic tuyn din cng rt kinh khng, bi v tt c nhng g bn thy l mt din vin BAD thc s.  	0
Cui cng, chng trnh ny thc s l mt s tra tn!!  	0
 l thi gian xa xa ca thc ti.  	0
Theo di my git xoay quanh s khng lm tn thng mt bn nhiu nh chng trnh ny.  	0
nh Gi: 0/10 (Hng Hng: Z) Ghi Ch: Hin Th Qu T Ngay C M Ca Din Vin Ko Con Gi Ra Khi Chng Trnh.  	0
20th Century Fox's ROAD house 1948) khng ch l mt noir ng ngn, m l mt b phim khng ng k.  	0
y  cc nhn vt ba cng khng c sc thuyt phc m n c vit bi Edward Chodorov, ngi cng sn xut, v ng ngc nhin l o din bi Jean Negulesco, ngi m mt ngi mong i nhiu hn na.  	0
T y, nhn vt Widmark v tnh tr nn v tnh!  	0
Vic ng y mt tinh thn rt sm trong qu trnh t tng hon ton khng hp l v khng thuyt phc.  	0
V nu nh th khng phi l mt m hn n ca mt b phim cho bn-bc tranh cng b nh hng bi vic s dng lin tc cc b phim v ngi tiu dit trong nh.  	0
Bt c iu g  thc y mt b phim ti liu vt qu  	0
B phim ny l mt s tht vng ln.  	0
c qu nhiu vn  ti khng bit phi bt u t u.  	0
Dn din vin rt tuyt.  	1
steve martin mang n mt mn trnh din hi hc ca mt ngi trung nin, thng lu, ngi da trng.  	1
Bn c th thm vo nhng g bn c th lm c.  	1
nhng b phim  phm phi rt nhiu sai lm nghim trng.  	0
u tin, c  kiu rp khun chng tc v tr a chng tc  xc phm mi ngi.  	0
B phim c tht ra vi nhng li l phn bit chng tc i vi cc din vin da en v tr li nhng ngi da trng c m t l morons v ngc.  	0
Ngoi ra, t th ua sang mt bn, hy nhn vo l hng ln trong phim: h ph hy nhn vt ca lafa.  	0
Khng c m mu thc s.  	0
Ti s khng xem phim ny mt ln na  c t do.  	0
STEAMBOAT WILLIE l mt b phim quan trng v cng quan trng i vi lch s in nh.  	1
Ln xut hin th hai ca Chut Mickey (sau chic my bay cm b in u nm ) c l l b phim ni ting nht ca ng-hu ht l v n qu t ph.  	1
Trong khi bn cha nghe thy Mickey ni, c hng tn hiu ng m thanh v m nhc trong sut b phim -- iu m chng ta nhn c by gi nhng  l mt m ng khng l vo nm 1928.  	1
Tuy nhin, sau khi xem li on phim ngn ny sau khong 25 nm, ti  rt ngc nhin v vic b phim thc s khng bit bao nhiu thi gian.  	1
"Tht ng yu khi thy Mickey ang chi ""Turkey in the Straw"" trong tr tng tng cao  (nu thnh thong tn nhn).  "	1
Thng minh v mt m ng tht s ... B phim ny vn c xp hng trong s nhng b phim hay nht ca Mickey ngay c sau 80 nm tuyt vi.  	1
S phn cc ca tn cn  tn nhn (mt pht l mt k git ngi tn nhn, trong giy pht tip theo mt thng mi t lt ca Luv) l hon ton khng c sc thuyt phc.  	0
Ti v cng tht vng v b phim ny s nhn c nhiu gii thng v gii thng, c bit l khi c nhiu tc phm in nh xng ng hn nhiu.  	0
The original Body and Soul (1947) l mt kit tc.  	1
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...v c quay bi mt trong nhng nh quay phim v i nht t trc n nay.James Wong Howe.  	1
Ti khng ngh l c nhng phm cht b li trong bn lm li ny.  	0
y c th l b phim ti duy nht ng tng thc hin.  	0
Tht t ...  ... tht l t.  	0
B phim ny l mt v d vng chc v mt m mu xu v mt  tng rt, rt ti t.  	0
Tht l xu h khi thy nhng din vin gii nh Thomerson v James ang sng trong mt m hn n nh th ny.  	0
Ti ngh n t lm.  	0
C hai b phim u khng khip, nhng  ghi nhn phin bn nm 1986, n  c ti nc.  	0
Hy bt u vi tt c cc vn -din xut, c bit l t v gio s chnh, rt, rt t.  	0
Kch bn l mt sai lm ln.  	0
V d tt nht cho vic vit ch cm nh th no khi n c xc nh l bn c th bin nhng sinh vin sng tr li thnh con ngi bng cch loi b mt si dy chuyn cha mt mnh thin thch.  	0
"o din Paul Matthews, ngi cng  vit/o din b phim qui vt nm 1995 ""Grim"", r rng khng bit lm th no  tng tc phim ca ng.  "	0
B phim v cng nhm chn  nhiu ni.  	0
nh sng tht kinh khng.  	0
B phim trng c v r v nht.  	0
Mt trong nhng kha cnh ng tht vng nht l s thiu ht gore ng ch .  	0
Cng c ny khng bao gi hot ng tt trong qu kh, v chc chn khng c tc dng  y.  	0
Cc hiu ng hnh nh kinh khng.  	0
Chui m mn hnh CG trong khng gian c v nh n c th  c to ra trn Microsoft Slideshow v Cha!  	0
"""V n"" ca cc bnh xng vo cui cng cng khng khip.  "	0
c ri, ti thch xem xt bn thn l mt nh ph bnh cng bng, nn ti s cho tn dng ni tn dng v ... hiu ng sinh vt thc s rt tuyt.  	1
Phi thch my ci rng nh ny ch!  	1
" tng hp li b phim, ""Breeders"" l mt b phim kinh d d t nn trnh c nh virus Ebola.  "	0
Khng nn dng.  	0
Anh ta gn nh khng th chu ni  xem trn mn hnh, anh ta khng c sc ht, v thi im hi hc khng khip.  	0
Bn cnh s lnh o khng khip, b phim ny c rt nhiu tranh lun khc.  	0
Ti hiu rng n c cho l mt v hi kch bng ng r tin, nhng khng c ngha l n phi hon ton xc phm tr thng minh ca chng ta, v  ghi li rt kh tin rng n bin gii trn chin dch tn cng.  	0
Ti nng ng k ca Lewis Black cng b lng ph  y, v anh ta ang  trong nht k khi anh ta khng b hn ch, m nh gi PG-13 chc chn s khng cho php.  	0
im sng duy nht ca b phim l Jonah Hill (ngi s trng gn nh khng th nhn ra c nhng ngi hm m ca Superbad gn y do s lng cn nng m ng  mt trong thi gian tm thi).  	1
Vi tnh c o v s ti mi ca b phim u tin  c s dng, bn remake ny c rt t  cung cp.  	0
Ngn sch r rng rt hn ch.  	0
iu ny c phn nh khng ch trong dn din vin, m cn trong kch bn di par, vn vay mn nhiu t c in trc .  	0
Tuy nhin,  y khng c din xut, hnh ng hay v tr tt  cn bng mi th.  	0
Filmiing t m rng hn.  	0
N  tht bi trong vic truyn ti nhng cnh quan phong cnh l mt phn tuyt vi ca bn gc.  	0
Ni chung, n ch thiu tr tng tng.  	0
Khng nn dng.  	0
C th no mt b phim c th t hn th ny khng?  	0
Khng c m mu g  y  gi anh i ngay t u.  	0
Ngay c khi nhng ngi ph n cui cng cng xut hin, khng c du hiu ci thin; nhng iu k vng nht xy ra v n lc phim kt thc, bn c th  ng xa.  	0
Hy cn thn, y khng phi l mt b phim kinh t, m l rc ri!  	0
Ti khng th tin c l cn c mt phn tip theo na!  	0
 chnh xc l l do ti sao ti li cho n mt bi nh gi ti t!  	0
L mt a tr 90 tui, ti thc s rt thch chng trnh ny v ti c th t ho ni rng ti thch n ln hn v thm ch cn hn c phim hot hnh c in ca WB.  	1
"Tuy nhin, ""Tiny Toons"" gi phn 90 ca n v mang n mt trong nhng b phim hot hnh ni ting, hi hc v c nh gi thp nht tng c to ra.  "	1
Nhng k c rt m m nhng ti ch c th ni rng ti thch mi tp v sn phm lin quan n chng trnh.  	1
D dng, khng c tranh bim ha no khc lm cho ti ci mt cch mm yu (trc khi i vo cnh quay phim en ti dnh cho thanh thiu nin).  	1
Cc nhn vt u hi hc v c tnh c bit ca khng c nhn vt chnh thc s.  	1
Mi nhn vt u hi hc v xng ng c gi l lnh o.  	1
Mi yu t ca cu chuyn ny u  trn nh cao, qu gi mo v cm thy au n khi ngi li.  	0
Nhng cu thoi ca c dng nh c vit bi mt ngi mi lm tui, mc d h ang c gng rt, rt kh c th ni nh th no mt tui mi lm tui, um, bn bit y, m ... ni chuyn.  	0
Perabo c mc nng lng tt v r rng l rt thoi mi trc mt my nh.  	1
Khng c l do g  bo cha cho vic ny.  	0
Ti thy b phim ny v ti ngh y l mt b phim ngu ngc.  	0
iu cn ngu ngc hn na l ngi  ngh ra mt  tng rng s c mt ngn ni la  Los Angeles?  	0
Thnh tht m ni, chuyn ny tht v ngha v ngu ngc.  	0
Kt lun, ti s khng bn tm n b phim ny bi v mt ngn ni la  Los Angeles chng l g ngoi v ngha.  	0
Cu chuyn tht khng khip!  	0
Ch au n thi!  	0
V ging ni hon ton l vc thm!  	0
Cng c  o c gi trong b phim ny  lm cho ti nn ma.  	0
ng lng ph thi gian  xem b phim v vn ny.  	0
Ti tin l Hc n  lm rt tt.  	1
Cc nhn vt rt th v v bn mun tm hiu thm v h b phim cng lu, v ti ngh mi ngi s ngc nhin bi nhng ngi lm v khng lm c.  	1
i xem i!  	1
B qua chuyn ny i.  	0
HI HC THT!  	1
im nh gi ca ti l 3 trn 10.  	0
Cc nhn vt rt th v v bn thc s quan tm n h.  	1
Mt bi ht c in, vi mt bn nhc phim tuyt vi v mt bi ht hp dn trong phn kt thc tn dng.  	1
ng b l.  	1
y l mt tc phm tuyt vi, vi nhiu ch  c m t v thnh thong si ni mn cc ny v tt c cc nghin cu v s bng n ca nh th, nhng nm chin tranh t mn, tri di trn khng gian ca London v s yn tnh bn ngoi mt cuc rt lui ven bin x Wales-ranh gii gia tnh hu ngh, dc vng v tnh yu, cng hin cho ngh thut v kinh nghim so vi nhng mi quan tm thc t, ghen tung, ganh ua, hn nht v t cao t i so vi ch ngha anh hng v t hy sinh v nhiu hn na.  	1
Mt kch bn trng thnh, tinh t gi  v thnh thong tp trung vo nhng cng thng c bn c phc v tt bi nhng mn trnh din hon ho (ngoi nhng n ci khng ph hp k l m Keira Knightley d b, mc d c l ang theo hng dn. Thi gian ny ging nh cc nhn vt khc thng  cp n n).  	1
Nhng trn tt c cc thnh phn hnh nh tinh t trong mi khonh khc, vi vic s dng sng to v thanh lch, gc chp v nh sng, bao gm c nhng cnh quay phim v nh, l mt iu k diu v nim vui khi nhn thy.  	1
N lin tc p mt  xem nh mt Bertolucci, nhng cc mi quan h  y l thuyt phc hn v cu chuyn k hn l mt s tc phm ca bc thy .  	1
Tin  c bn b lng ph v n b hn ch bi s tp trung khng th gii thch c trong on lm phim ti liu.  	0
Mc d vy, b phim tht bi  hu ht cc cp.  	0
Trnh bng mi gi.  	0
Ti  xem b phim ny trong dp Ging sinh, v  l mt b phim tuyt vi!  	1
Ti tng Errol Flynn xut sc nh l Custer v k t  tr thnh din vin yu thch ca ti!  	1
Din xut ca anh ta cng vi Olivia De Havilland rt thng minh v kt thc tht tuyt vi!  	1
Ti  lun bit rng Errol Flynn l mt din vin xut sc v ng y l din vin yu thch ca ti, v ti ln ln xem phim ca ng khi cn l mt a tr.  	1
Nhng khng phi cho n khi ti xem b phim m ti nhn ra anh y thc s tuyt vi nh th no.  	1
Ti s cho b phim ny 10 trn 10!  	1
Ti bit l Jim O ' Connor rt nng ng v khng ai c th l nhiu nh ng ta, nhng George th rt bun t.  	0
Anh ta thc s khng mun b dn chng trnh; ging ni ca anh ta l n iu, khng lin quan n cc v khch.  	0
Mt b phim kinh d ng yu t Hitchcock, vi rt nhiu shenanigans d thng bao quanh mt gin ip b git, mt a tr b bt cc, mt nh th bn thu, mt m mu ngoi lai v mt s ngi nh thu ngu nhin.  	1
Jimmy Stewart l mt ngi anh hng v i nht cho Hitchcock, cu chuyn tch cc n nh im ca n  mt chc nng i s qun, nhng n thiu s e da ca Hitchcock en v trng, ngn sch thp.  	1
Tuy nhin vn c mt b phim tuyt vi khc t tay ng ch v i.  	1
Ti phi ni rng b phim ny c sn xut rt tt v nh im l mt phim khoa hc vin tng in hnh!  	1
c sn xut bi mt trong nhng nh sn xut gii nht ca Sci-fi, Scot Vandiver!  	1
Nhng d sao cng l tr gii tr.  	1
 l mt b phim rt vui v  xem.  	1
Ch c mt khonh khc nhm chn trong phim v c rt nhiu b phn hi hc.  	1
Dn din vin lun mang tnh gii tr nh thng l.  	1
Nhn chung, mt nim vui!  	1
B phim ny tht kinh khng, n thm ch khng th c to ra.  	0
B phim thiu s s hi hay cng thng thc s v mt s thut ng y hc c s dng trong sut c v khng chc chn  ni t nht v ti ni rng  l mt bnh nhn tiu ng insulin ph thuc.  	0
t nht ni v din xut tt hn.  	0
B phim ny thc hin mt cng vic tuyt vi  tit l s phc tp ca nhim v v nhng thch thc ng kinh ngc i mt vi Nam Phi.  	1
Ti tin rng mi ngi nn xem b phim ny v ti ngh rng c rt t ngi  bn ngoi Nam Phi hiu c qu kh ca n v nhng g ang c c gng trong qu trnh thc v ha gii.  	1
Khng c g ngn gn trong qu trnh quay phim/quay phim tuyt vi trong b phim ny.  	1
Din xut rt tuyt vi, nhng cu chuyn c an xen vi nhau, v nhng con ch rt lng ly ... Mt ngi phi thu, xem hay thy.  	1
ng s ph .  	1
Din xut tuyt vi.  	1
Vn cn din vin gii!  	1
Cng l o din v nhip nh tuyt vi  	1
Rt ng vi Shakespeare, v mt 'phi' cho tt c ngi hm m ca Shakespeare.  	1
Macbeth (Jason Connery) a ti n nc mt vi monolog cui cng (tt nn ngn) ng cho qu cu ca s phn r o c v lc ti mt khun mt ngi, khin n tr nn th v hn.  	1
Helen Baxendale l mt c gi rt ng tin cy Macbeth ngi c th rt vui v v i khi c y trng nh mt c gi h hng, nhng cht ngi v mu v qu.  	1
Nu bn yu ci cht v s phn r, v li bi ht ca Shakespiars ... th y chnh l ci ny.  	1
y l mt s chuyn th d dm v th v ca cun sch ca Tin s Seuss, xut sc rc r bi s o ng tuyt vi v xng ng ca UPA v Gii Oscar.  	1
 cp c bit nn c thc hin bi nhc nn m nhc tuyt vi v hiu ng m thanh, y l mt yu t khng th thiu trong vic gip lm cho n tr thnh phim hot hnh ng nh v th v.  	1
"Tuy nhin Paul Schrader  thc hin mt b phim ""ni v"" Mishima l c hai siu phm v phc tp.  "	1
ng ch  l k thut quay mu sc p ca John Bailey v thit k sn xut v trang phc tuyt vi ca Ishioka Eiko, ngi tip tc thc hin nhng trang phc ng nh cho Dracula ca Coppola v c nhn c mt gii Oscar xng ng.  	1
Ngay c khi cho php cc gi tr sn xut km cho thi gian (1971) v nh dng (mt s loi nh), y l baaaaaad.  	0
"Tr khi anh ch ra ngoi  ""thu thp"" tt c cc b phim cn tn ti ca Austen, anh c th b qua ci ny.  "	0
Nu bn xem n, tuy nhin, c nhng s an i nh: Cc n din vin ng vai ch gi ca Anne lm mt cng vic tuyt vi vi vai din ca h.  	1
N khng tt.  	0
Ni v m nhc, n c th on trc c v khng th chu c.  	0
Sau , b phim va lm ri qu bng.  	0
y l mt b phim tuyt p.  	1
Th s v thch nghi.  	1
N ging nh mt v kch sn khu rt au kh, thng minh (nhng khng c cm gic sn khu qu mc thc s c c t vic quan st mi ngi trn sn khu) m chi vi ni khip s ca mi ngi v mt s di tr trng leo thang n nhng hu qu qui d.  	1
Tt c cc cu th chnh u m hoc.  	1
Tom Wilkinson  lm tan nt tri tim ti  cui ... v tt c nhng ngi khc ang phn xt v vn  bp bng cho nhng ngi n ng v bn tay i ln i mt gia nhng ngi n ng v ph n.  	1
Julian Fellowes  chin thng mt ln na.  	1
Hn l mt kho bu quc gia.  	1
I M XEM!  	1
y l mt b phim tuyt vi.  	1
Nhng cnh trn khng c lm tt lm.  	1
 cng l s cn bng gia chin tranh v tnh yu.  	1
"B phim mang li  ngha cho cm t, "" Khng bao gi trong lch s xung t ca con ngi  c n rt nhiu bi rt t ngi.  "	1
Kris Kristoffersen rt gii trong b phim ny v thc s to nn s khc bit.  	1
Mt b phim hay bi mt o din v i!  	1
y chc chn l mt trong nhng b phim ti liu tt nht m ti tng thy trong mi quan h gia nh v hn nhn.  	1
C rt nhiu sai st lin tc: mt ngi dng khc nhn xt trn nhng chic xe khc nhau trong gara, nh ga ca Joe ... k  cho ti bit nhiu nht l hnh dng tc trn mt ca Joe dng nh thay i t cnh quay.  	0
y ch l mt b phim tuyt vi.  	1
10 trn 10 sao.  	1
Ti khng th hiu c b phim ny c th l ngun cm hng cho bt c ai ra ngoi hay vt qua ni s hi v t chi.  	0
Tht l t, tht s ng  chng kin v l do .  	0
Cng vin Trng pht l mt tc phm xut sc ca in nh.  	1
B bn  sa mc min Nam California bng cch s dng phong cch ti liu faux bng sng ch ca mnh, Watkins to ra mt b phim nh khng c.  	1
y l mt trong nhng b phim d tip cn nht ca Peter Watkins.  	1
Ti khuyn anh nn cn trng.  	1
Anh s khng hi tic u!  	1
nh gi cao A +  	1
 ... Ch l nu anh c tip tc ngh n t n mc no.  	0
 l mt th v vn, khn kh, rng tuch, nc ci v d on.  	0
 l mt trng hp xu n ni nc ci.  	0
) Din xut rt t ng vai Angela Bennett, mt chuyn gia my tnh lun lun  nh.  	0
N l mt b phim khng c g, ch l mt ci c  cho thy nhng cnh hnh ng l bch.  	0
C y tht kinh khng!  	0
Nhng c vn l mt n din vin xu, lp li khun mt robot ca c y chuyn ng trong mi bc nh ca c y.  	0
Kt qu l mt s xu h.  	0
Hy xa b phim ny khi tm tr ca bn!  	0
Mt trong nhng chng trnh ti t nht mi thi i.  	0
Chng trnh s bt u vi nhng ci mng thng minh v bnh lun vi nhau rng s hon ton nm ngoi bc tng v khng ku gi.  	0
My tnh mp Geek tht khng th tin ni, l thumpon bipble, mt c gi h khng, nhng din vin ny l ai???  	0
Cha bao gi nghe ni n bt c ai ngoi tr Cole, ngi hon ton khng th tin c.  	0
"Mi ln anh ta m ming, anh mun nghe, ""anh thy bn tr ..."" Rt phch cm l mt v git ngi thng xt cho chng trnh khng khip ny.  "	0
Nhng cu chuyn khng th tin ni nh cc din vin.  	0
Khp khing l cch tt nht  m t n.  	0
Stanwyck v Morgan l mt din vin hon ho trong nhng g, theo nhiu cch, mt s tng ng hin i ca Dickens ' Christmas Carol trong tnh cm ca n.  	1
S thnh cng ca b phim ph thuc vo vic tuyn chn Sydney Greenstreet vi t cch l nhn vt Alexander Yardley.  	1
B phim hp dn s dng trong hu ht cc b phim l vin  qu.  	1
Ti cng rt hm m tr chi RPG, nhng b phim ny, l mt s  nhc i vi bt k s t trng no ca RPGer.  	0
Cc ng nt, ct, m thanh, mi th u sai.  	0
Bn c th tm thy nhng b phim hay hn  Youtube.  	0
ng ph thi gian v tin bc cho v ny, n cng t nh lc ny.  	0
"Mt b phim m ng l phi ""ng  ng"" ... MI MI  "	0
 l cch ti m t thi gian au n ny-waster ca mt b phim.  	0
V vy, tm thng  mi kha cnh m n tr thnh mt m hn n bun t, khng th v, y l mt trong nhng b phim hay qun nht m ti tng thy.  	0
"N thm ch khng phi l mt thnh tu nh mt b phim ""so-bad-it's-good"" hoc ""so-bad-it-ng nh"".  "	0
 l mt ci v rng rng ca mt b phim.  	0
Nghim tc m ni, n khng ng  lng ph thi gian ca cu u.  	0
Trnh, trnh, trnh!  	0
N s khin anh pht in!  	0
V chuyn nhng rt tt.  	1
Rt d thng v th gin mun bui ti.  	1
B phim y nhng iu nhy tuyt vi (v vy m c ta !  	1
) Mt loi nhc hay, v phong cnh tuyt vi.  	1
N x l mt s vn  kh khn vi phm gi v n sng, v, tt nhin, c (gy sc cho ngi khc  y!  	1
) Mt kt thc tt p, tuyt vi, vui v!  	1
im chnh l hnh trnh, mt cuc hnh trnh chm ti tng thnh vin trong gia nh.  	1
 l mt trong nhng b phim ti cn xem bt c khi no n n trn TV...ng bn tm n s tht l ti  ghi nh n!  	1
Khng c g mi.  	0
iu   c thc hin trong b phim th hai.  	0
B phim gn nh khng c cnh hnh ng trong  v rt t hi kch.  	0
Ct truyn c nhiu l hn mt cp v li c v hng i v chnh sa rt ng ngc nhin.  	0
Ci g Irons lm trong phim ny?  	0
Ti va xem phim ny v gii thiu n.  	1
N c mt ct truyn rt hay, n gi c s ch  hon ton ca bn, din xut l tuyt vi, Tom Wilkinson rt tuyt vi v Emily Watson cng rt gii.  	1
Mt b phim rt hay, v tnh yu tuyt vi v v iu kin.  	1
Nhn vt ca Tom Wilkinson l mt ngi n ng khng c chun b cho bn ordeal sp bt u, nhng anh ta  ly vt cht trong tay khi cu chuyn tin trin, v din vin tuyt vi ny cho mt mn trnh din khin bn cm thy s au kh v au kh ca nhn vt.  	1
Nhn vt ca Emily Watson rt mnh m, v c y ch quan tm nhanh v anh hiu mi th.  	1
Mc cho nhng nh ph bnh, ti thch b phim ny.  	1
Trn thc t, ti thch n hn l phng vn mt ma c rng v ti thch Lestat (Stuart Townsend) ny hn l n lc ca Cruise.  	1
Aailiyah kh gii vi Akasha,  nhng ni hp dn (li vo u tin v sn nhy mini u tin ca c).  	1
Ti l mt fan hm m ln ca lot phim ny ch yu l do phong cch ca Anne Rice, tnh nhy cm v phng php iu tr.  	1
Ti ngh ti thch chi tit ri lon chc nng ca anh ta -- anh ta ng tin.  	1
Cc cnh bng   cui phim  lm bi ri.  	0
Nhng ti ngh din xut ca anh ta rt iu luyn.  	1
Meredith M tt hn tt c cc quyn.  	1
Mt b phim rt quyn r vi tnh cm v tri tim tuyt vi.  	1
Tht him khi mt nh lm phim mt thi gian  k mt cu chuyn o c xng ng vi s chm sc v tnh yu khng ri vo ci by qu mc  hay qu mc  nung chiu.  	1
9 trn 10 cho mt b phim tht s ng yu.  	1
B phim u tin ny t govaluister Lucio Fulci tng lai l mt s b sung rt tt cho tiu th loi giallo.  	1
y l mt trong nhng cu th  xut sc nht ca thp nin 70.  	1
Mt cnh tng c lp.  	1
Cnh ny rt mnh v kh chu.  	0
V mt k thut, b phim c thc hin tt vi cc tc phm my nh n tng, din xut vng chc v m nhc hiu qu t Riz Ortolani-c bit l tt l mt ging n khng i km vi ging n nghe nh n n t mt ngn i xa xi.  	1
Mc d n vn l nhng th hoang d v c gii thiu rt cao vi ngi hm m ca in nh giallo.  	1
B phim rt th v t u n cui.  	1
Ti thch cch nhn vt ca Dustin Hoffman sn sng lm mi th   vi con trai.  	1
B phim ny cng tit l.  	1
C nhn ti ngh n cho thy mi ngi nn hc cch tm mt s tha hip m khng c lin quan n ngi khc.  	1
V n tht nhm chn.  	0
Ti  qu mt mi vi nhng so  ch l nhng ch vit li bing, v h n y rt nhanh.  	0
PS l cnh duy nht trong b phim tuyt vi l khi nhn vt trung tm tm thy cn phng ca c b n tung.  	1
 l mt hiu ng ti mi, tinh t v tinh t hn.  	1
"Mt nh ph bnh ngi  gi y l ""mt b phim nh, hay,"" v ng vy.  "	1
Tt c cc din vin u cho mt mn trnh din tuyt vi, c bit l Jennifer Rubin vai Jamie Harris, ngi thay i t ngi sao thn kinh trong s khi u qua nhng s kin k l m c l mt phn ca ngi sao tuyt vi.  	1
Bn hc hi rt nhiu v nhng cm xc thc s ca mi ngi trong b phim ny, v rt nhiu v chnh vic kinh doanh in nh.  	1
"B phim trong cc tnh hung trong phim ngay t u v qua tr chi c chi vi c bi ""hun luyn vin din xut"" rt th v.  "	1
m nhc ca Mark Snow cng c th l im tt nht m ti tng nghe.  	1
Anh s khng qun b phim ny u!  	1
Ti sao b phim ny c to ra?  	0
B phim c mt ci nhn siu r tin.  	0
Kt qu l mt b phim trng khng n.  	0
Khng ai tham gia hay th v.  	0
Ct truyn l nhng iu v ngha m khng quan tm n nhng cch d nh nht hay c s c o no i vi n.  	0
Ngi ngoi quc khng ng gi mt giy no trong thi gian ca ng.  	0
"Ti xem n nh mt a tr trn TV hi nm 1973, khi  l ""Ngi l"" v ti thch n.  "	1
Nhng bn song ca gia phi hnh gia v bc s ca ng  u phim l mt s trao i hon ho nu mt ngi cho rng b phim ny  c thc hin tt trong thi k Chin tranh Lnh v ni s hi ln nht ca nh du hnh v tr l ng  gp tai nn  Lin X.  	1
B phim ny tht tuyt vi!  	1
Ti thch n, n thc s ng s.  	1
Ti thch phim Scream v tt c phim kinh d v y l mt trong nhng th  .  	1
Nu anh mun c mt s s hi tht s.  	1
10/10  	1
y l mt b phim phi thng.  	1
Vi t cch l mt b phim truyn hnh, n rt hp dn, nh mt bn co trng v h thng t php Hoa K, iu  tht ng s.  	1
B phim ny nhn mnh nhng sai st c bn ca qu trnh php l, rng n khng phi l khm ph ra cm gic ti li hay s ngy th, m l v vic ai trnh by tt hn trong ta n.  	1
B phim c nh gi cao, nhn mnh v l mt trong nhng b phim ti liu tt nht m ti tng thy.  	1
iu ny ch yu l truyn hnh da trn thc t thng xuyn c c mt s thc y t hiu sut tt ca Cole.  	1
D on, nhng khng t.  	1
R rng l c y c tm hot ng v kh nng rt lui.  	1
C y mang theo b phim.  	1
Constantine cho mi th c cng  ng v dng nh c mt s hiu bit tt v ng c tm l c bn.  	1
N tht tuyt vi v y cm hng  xem, v ti hi vng n s c pht hnh mt ln na trong video hoc DVD.  	1
Lm th no m mnh rc ny c pht hnh vt xa ti: din xut, cu chuyn, cc nhn vt, nhng hiu ng c cho l c bit, ... .. tt c u sai.  	0
Tht ra, ci mi hi thi ny c mi ging nh mt ci my pht hnh trc tip.  	0
Trnh bng mi gi!  	0
Star Trek V The final Frontier l phn ti t nht ca lot phim.  	0
Nhng hnh ng t tt c lin quan v bao gm c nhng ngi nh Shatner v Nimoy u xu xa v ra sch v lm cho h c v gi nh h nhn vo cuc sng thc, nhng hiu ng c bit c khc phc ging nh khi Spock phi gii cu Kirk trn mt chic my bay phn lc khi anh ta ng xung t mt ngn ni.  	0
Nhng n lc hi hc tht ng thng v xu xa n ni khng th chu ng c nhng suy ngh v c bn lin quan n mt ngi Vulcan n cp Enterprise  tm Cha (nghim tc) Ti ch khng quan tm n bt k b phim no v oh khng  cp n Uhura lm mt ci bng khiu v  nh lc hng lnh gc nam  	0
Ni duy nht tt cho b phim ny l trong thng rc.  	0
iu t nht ca b truyn.  	0
Chnh sa: Vic bin tp phim ny l hin tng trong  kin ca ti.  	1
Khi mt bi ht c th gii thch nhng cm xc ca cc i tng tt hn, chng hn nh khi cuc sng khng may ca Jay Adams l mt ch  ni chuyn, bi ht Old Man ca Neil Young  c chi, iu ny gi ln nhiu cm xc.  	1
Cinematography: B phim c quay mt cch th v.  	1
Tt nhin on phim t nhng nm 70 tr nn ni ting, nhng iu  ch lm tng cng b phim.  	1
B phim ny mang n nhiu nim vui v nhng bt ng.  	1
"Khi Achille v Philippa ht mt bn song ca hon ho t ""Don Giovanni"" miu t hon ho tnh hung ca h trong b phim, bn trn trng nhng lp tinh t ca b phim tuyt vi ny.  "	1
Cu chuyn din ra trong trn Jutland th k 18 v vic s dng nhc thi k c chi trn cc nhc c thi gian ch l mt cm xc tinh t hn.  	1
Bn chia s nim vui tinh t ca i tng Loewenhielm trong vic tham d Cailles en Sarcophage ngay c khi bn ang xem mt b phim-nhng bn ch mong mun mt mu nh  nhm nhong.  	1
Nhng b phim nhn mnh ny  li n tng lu di.  	1
S m p m n to ra l tri ngc vi s li li ca n.  	1
Bn s ri rp ht mun ra ngoi v nhy ma di nhng ngi sao.  	1
Din xut, nh anh mong i t dn din vin ny, l nh cao.  	1
Cc nhn vt c chn ra ngoi mt cch ng ngc nhin, c bit l Grimes v Blake, v tt c cc din vin cung cp cc dng kch bn mnh m ca h vi ch mt lng li b tc trong m  lm cho i thoi c hi hc v thc t.  	1
Angus Scrimm cng xut hin trong mt vai din tt trong mt vai din ngn ngi nhng ng nh nh mt nhp  nh nhng, chi violin Doctor Quinn.  	1
Kt lun l ti thch n.  	1
 lu lm ri ti mi gii tr vi mt b phim.  	1
Ti phi u tranh  tm ra bt c iu g xu  ni v n.  	1
Hy nh li ti, y l mt trong nhng b phim th cng nh Evil Dead 2 hay Phantasm m mi ngi vn s khm ph v yu 20, 30, 40 nm xung dng.  	1
Tht ngc nhin khi b phim tuyt vi ny c thc hin vo nm 1949, nh Hollywood thng c nhng ci u tp th trong ct lin quan n cc vn  en trng ti thi im .  	1
B phim xng ng c nhng kudo mnh m  thc hin khn i ny, v c din xut c bit t dn din vin c bit n nhiu nht ca n v cho kch bn siu thng minh khng xc phm khn gi hoc thc hin phn bit chng tc d dng.  	1
Thm vo , vi ngn sch kh khim tn v thi gian chy nhanh,  l mt cng vic tuyt vi!  	1
Juano Hernandez (mt din vin xut sc ng vai ph trong nhiu b phim ca thi i) l mt ngi n ng da en kiu hnh b buc ti git mt ngi n ng da trng  min Nam.  	1
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
Hy xem n vi cc con ca bn nu bn c mt c hi -- n s m ra mt hp thoi tuyt vi v cc mi quan h trong vng 50 nm tr li y.  	1
Hy xem c hai b phim nu c th.  	1
" l nm , tuy nhin, iu  nhc nh chng ti rng Huston vn ang  trn nh ca tr chi ca mnh nh l s th hin bi s thch nghi trung thnh ca tiu thuyt ""The Dead"" ca James Joyce.  "	1
Cm xc, suy ngh ...S kh chu ca Gabriel trong sut ... tt c nhng bc nhy v hnh ny n cuc sng v n trong tm hiu bit ca ngi xem trong vai din ca Huston.  	1
Rt tht vng v t hi lm th no n c th nm trong danh sch rt gn ca Oscar.  	0
N rt chm.  	0
Rt nhiu l trong ct truyn: khng c g v cch ng tr thnh hong ; khng c g v ni ng dnh 20 nm gia tui th v tui trng thnh ca mnh.  	0
) ng ph thi gian.  	0
End of Days l mt trong nhng b phim hnh ng ngn sch ti t nht m ti tng thy.  	0
Anh ta chc chn khng bit lm th no  lm mt b phim hnh ng mch lc t nh bin kch ca Air Force One, ngi ch c ngha v vit kch bn ch vi mt s tin ln.  	0
y l mt trong nhng b phim ti t nht m ti tng thy.  	0
Ti vn ang c vt qua chuyn  t n mc no.  	0
B phim ny c th l mt trong nhng tc phm kinh d sng to nht t trc ti nay.  	1
N c tt c nhng g bn c th mun ... hi hp, kch tnh, hi kch, ri lon con ng, ngi M bn a, n no ... Nu cc bn ang tm kim-tt c, kt thc-tt c nhng b phim ht mu, khng nhn xa hn na.  	1
""" Vi hiu ng m thanh tuyt vi, v hiu ng c bit n tng, ti khng th gii thiu b phim ny .  "	1
Hy gi ti l k in, nhng ti ngh y l mt trong nhng b phim hay nht.  	1
Cc din vin chnh ca Telly Savalas v Peter Boyle.  	1
1 gi 54 pht ca tedium, kch tnh v din xut kinh khng, mt ng kch bn, v cm gic chm m ca good lord, h ngh g vy?  	0
C rt nhiu l hng trong kch bn.  	0
N ging nh mt b phim truyn hnh hai gi ti t vy.  	0
By gi hy tng tng mi mt trong nhng quyt nh  u sai.  	0
Cuc i thoi tht kinh khng.  	0
Din xut vt ra ngoi vc thm.  	0
Mi th bc mi.  	0
Vn  l vic vit kch bn v o din lm cho n khng th thit lp nhng th lm cho mt b phim c th s dng c, nh nhn vt, cu chuyn, ch  v vn vn.  	0
T hn na, c mt m mu yu t n cc k yu trong  theo sau mt nhm ngi Manlonite nh tui khi h i tm mt phng vin, ngi ang vit mt cu chuyn v ngy k nim cc v git ngi.  	0
Tht l ngu ngc v v ngha, v lng ph thi gian.  	0
Ni ngn gn, ng bn tm vi b phim ny.  	0
Ti s khng lm hng n, nhng kt thc kh l tuyt vi.  	1
Cnh hay nht trong phim l cui cng, nhng ti s khng lm hng n.  	1
Nu c mt du hiu cho thy mt nh vn v mt o din c kh nng s dng hai tnh kh d bay hi cao thnh mt lin minh lin mch ca s sng to, th y chnh l n!  	1
Kt qu l mt thnh tu mnh m, c l lc ny c l v nn vn ha ca chng ta ang quy ri nim am m vi ngi ni ting, v  l cch din gii b bp mo ca s ni ting.  	1
Mt b phim khng d qun.  	1
Nhng, Kevin Spacey l mt ngi xut sc, sng thn bng li ni nh Buddy Ackerman-v hon ton ng tin bi v ng l mt din vin tuyt vi.  	1
Kch bn ca b phim hi khng khp vi bt k b phim no trong nhng nm gn y.  	1
Cc nhn vt rt th v, ngay c khi c th on trc c.  	1
c nh gi cao trong mi la tui, mc d b phim tr c l s khng nh gi cao mt s tham chiu tinh t hn, h chc chn s nh gi cao mt cnh galley ni ring!  	1
Phim hay qu!  	1
Cu chuyn v din xut rt yu.  	0
Vo khong 4 gi ti, ti  mua n, vo khong 8 gi chiu ti bt u xem, vo khong 8.15pm ti nhanh chng chuyn tip b phim cn li  xem liu c bt c th g c th c ti nc cho mt con ngi vi mt b no ... nhng khng c.  	0
D sao th, t tht.  	0
Kch bn qu ngu ngc.  	0
Cu chuyn bt u qu nhanh v hon ton khng b hi hp hay tch t mt cht no.  	0
Mi th i y Howdy ni u l nc ci hoc l ngu ngc.  	0
Ci qui g th?  	0
Ri, c mt m mu.  	0
Anh c th li mt chic xe ti vo my ci l ny!  	0
Linda Cardellini l th duy nht tt p trong b phim ny.  	1
C y  sn sng v tuyt vi.  	1
Dee Snider ch n gin l chn cht.  	0
Anh ta khng th hnh ng (mt trong nhng nhn vt phn din ng s nht m ti tng thy), anh ta khng th vit (anh ta vit cun phim cht tit ny trong gic ng?  	0
Ti thy chn ci chuyn cht tit ny ri.  	0
Din xut tht t, m nhc t hi, kch bn d t, nhp  t hi, FX c bit, o din d t ... v c bn, b phim ny tht t.  	0
B phim ny c gng tr thnh mt b phim kinh d/kinh d nghim tc v tinh vi v n tht bi thm hi.  	0
y c l l mt trong nhng b phim t hiu qu nht m ti tng thy trong i.  	0
Mt mnh rc in nh c chp  celluloid.  	0
Trnh bt c gi no v mi chi ph.  	0
 tc  no, b phim ny bc mi, khng hi hc, v Fulci nn  li vi giallo v nhng b phim siu nhin zombie.  	0
Trnh b phim ny bng mi gi.  	0
Ti khng bit chuyn g  xy ra trong ma 5, mt m hn n.  	0
Ch c duy nht si ch kt hp vi nhau l nhng mn trnh din tuyt vi ca Leni Parker v Anita LaSelva trong vai hai ngi Taelon trong cuc xung t l tng.  	0
y l mt b phim m ti thc s khng thch.  	0
y l mt trong nhng b phim kinh d nhm chn nht 90 ch yu bi v n bt u chm ri v trung tm trong mt bu khng kh nhm chn.  	0
Nhng con ri trng rt l d gio, khng phi theo cch tt nh trong phim 80.  	0
Cu chuyn tr nn khp khing, khng th v v khng bao gi thc s gii thch v ngun gc nham him ca nhng con ri.  	0
Khng c nhng cnh cht nh trong phim trc v f/x tht kinh khng.  	0
Ti cm thy bun ng ngay ln u tin ti xem n, nn ti c th gii thiu n cho bnh mt ng.  	0
S tht l, b phim ny l mt cu chuyn tuyt vi v hai ngi theo ui c m ca h.  	1
"Phn hay nht ca ""Y t Betty"" l khng th on trc c.  "	1
o din Neil LaBute s dng bo lc tn bo  lm h hi nhng gic m khi thc t, v cng vi b phim cm ng, v hi hc hi hc, bn khng bao gi c th k chuyn g s xy ra tip theo.  	1
Nu khng, ng ph thi gian vo chuyn ny.  	0
Ci ny khng th to ra s hi hp tht s.  	0
Cn v tn st nhn, ng mong ch iu g  nguyn bn hoc thm ch l ng s.  	0
Tuy nhin, c mt s din xut kh tt (t nht l cho loi phim ny).  	1
Ti xin li nhng ti khng th gii thiu vi ai c.  	0
Mt trong nhng b phim nhm chn nht m ti tng thy.  	0
Ct truyn th cp l khng th hiu c v mi quan h ca n vi dng ct truyn chnh l v cn c.  	0
Ght n.  	0
y l mt trong nhng b phim ca Sandra Bullock t nht k t Speed 2 nhng khng t n th.  	0
Ti khng hiu lm th no m rc ri li c trn k ca ca hng in nh, n thm ch khng phi l mt b phim tht!  	0
Ti rt nghi ng rng bt c ai cng c th nh ng rc ny.  	0
y khng phi l lm phim.  	0
Din xut ging nh xem nhng con ri bng g di chuyn xung quanh v c sch t mt cun sch, iu  t n mc no.  	0
Nn ti  y  cnh bo anh ng cho thu b phim ny,  l iu ngu ngc nht m anh cha tng thy!  	0
Ti  xem b phim ngn ny trn HBO ngy hm trc v hon ton yu thch n.  	1
Ti  khng nhn ra cuc sng tuyt vi n mc no cho n hai cnh cui cng.  	1
Phim ngn xut sc.  	1
Hy vng rng o din James Cox c th quay phim ngn thnh mt b phim di vi cng dn din vin, hoc thng chng ti vi mt b phim hon ton mi.  	1
Ti ng  vi Jessica, b phim ny kh t.  	0
Cc nhn vt l mt chiu, ngay c nhng ngi tt v c bit l nhng k xu.  	0
Cu chuyn hon ton d on.  	0
Khng nhiu i thoi, khng c nhiu m nhc, ton b b phim c quay nh cng phu v thm m nh mt tc phm iu khc.  	1
Ti  xem phim truyn hnh thng minh hn b phim ny.  	0
Nhn vt xu, chuyn xu v hnh ng xu.  	0
Tht kinh khng.  	0
Khng d  theo di.  	0
Hi hc, thng minh, ging nh b phim trc ca Pray, Hype!  	1
 l mt thi gian di m ti khng thy mt din vin c sc ht trn mn nh.  	1
Paolo Sorrentino  vit mt cu chuyn tuyt vi v s c n v Tony  xy dng mt trong nhng nhn vt kh qun nht c thy trong cc b phim trong nhng nm gn y.  	1
B phim khng hon ton hon ho nhng 'Titta Di Girolamo' s  li vi bn mt thi gian di sau tm nhn ca b phim.  	1
Ti nh gi b phim ny 9/10.  	1
Ti khng bit liu y c phi l s ra mt o din ca Emilio Estevez, nhng nhp , s tng tc v pht trin ca cc nhn vt cng nh mt s cng vic my nh thng minh xung quanh nhn vt Estevez chi tt c u gi  mt con mt t nhin.  	1
S tng tc gia Martin v Emilio c cng mt th m chng ta  thy  Wall Street vi Martin v Charlie.  	1
"Kathy Bates rt tuyt vi cc nhn vt trong s tuyt vng v ch ngha vt ngc; mt s thay i nhn vt ca c trong ""At Play In The Fields Of The Lord"".  "	1
i vi c gi  xem mt trong nhng b phim ca Miyazaki: ng vn cn  dng hng u v  tri qua mt tri nghim ng gi khc.  	1
N khng bao gi ha hp, tt c cc nhn vt u c tri tim chn thc v nhng vn  ng tin cy.  	1
Hai nhn vt chnh c th l hai trong s nhng a tr ng tin nht m ti tng thy trn mn nh.  	1
H rt d yu, nhng thm ch d dng hn  xc nh.  	1
B phim ny tht tuyt -- c bit l nu bn thch ngh thut th gic.  	1
Phong cnh hai c con gi v v chp nh rt p.  	1
Cu chuyn ny cng va hi hc va chm ngi.  	1
"Nhng ngi thch phim chu u v ""phim ngh thut"" s thch b phim ny.  "	1
y tht s l mt b phim ngh thut. N thc s c rt nhiu ngh thut trong .  	1
i thu i.  	1
Tuy nhin, sau khi xem b phim ny, ti nhn ra rng khng ch c mt tm tr khp kn m n m t, ti cng thy mnh xem n ht ln ny n ln khc.  	1
 l mt b phim khng bao gi ngng quan tm n ti, n gin v n khin ti cnh gic, khi ti c gng  gii m n.  	1
ng vy.  	1
Nhng nu bn thch nhng b phim nh The Matrix (v hn na, cc phn tip theo ca h) Ti ngh bn s nh gi cao nhng suy ngh khiu khch, lu tm tri nghim b phim ny s cho bn.  	1
Ngh v b phim nh mt gic m.  	1
Rt p.  	1
C Rickman v Stowe u ng vai tr ca h trong cu chuyn v mt nh vn vit sch ca tr em, c l? --  vit ra mt ng ngm.  	1
 l mt nim vui th v, nhanh chng v kh chnh xc v m ca mt con raver.  	1
N trnh by mt vai din ng nh nhng nghim tc v nhng thng trm ca cc nhn vt sng.  	1
"D c lm g i na, hy trnh ""Groove"" l bi lun ca tt c nhng g tt v giao thng ca con ngi.  "	0
Tht t khi mi ngi tham gia khng chia s mc  cht lng ca Crowe, v nu c, chng ta s c mt b phim tt hn nhiu so vi m hn n nh ny.  	0
B phim c v hi chm chp lc u.  	0
Nhng n  tng tc v tin thng vo vn .  	1
"N cho thy chnh xc cch m chnh ph v nh khoa hc tranh lun cho nhn loi v nhng l do ca ""thit b"".  "	1
Ti rt thch.  	1
Ti  gii thiu n cho bn b.  	1
Ti c bit hi lng vi kh nng din xut ca Dwight Schultz.  	1
C hai din vin thc s hiu v tr thnh nhn vt c bit ca h, mang n mt mn trnh din thuyt phc,  	1
Ha hc trn mn nh ca h, rt quan trng i vi ton b b phim, l tht.  	1
Cuc i thoi ca b phim l t nhin, thc t i vi cuc sng.  	1
Nh vn, Gorman Bechard, chc chn  lm bi tp v nh bi v tt c cc ti liu tham kho u l ngnh cng nghip v nhn vt thch hp.  	1
Nhc nn tuyt vi thc s nm bt c bn cht ca b phim.  	1
Mi ln theo di cm tnh, thc s gp phn vo cnh v nhn vt.  	1
Chc chn xng ng  thy ...  l kiu suy ngh v b phim khiu khch m buc anh phi t cu hi v ngng c n ca chnh mnh.  	1
"B phim mi nht v th tm ca Miyazaki Hayao cho Studio Ghibli, ""Gake No Ue No Ponyo"" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) l mt ci nhn tuyt vi v giu tr tng tng thi th u.  "	1
Vo thi im m dng nh b phim hot hnh  b chi phi bi cc kit tc CGI ca Disney/Pixar, c hai u c lm mi v an i khi bit rng Miyazaki vn da vo hot hnh v tay truyn thng  k nhng cu chuyn quyn r v quyn r ca ng.  	1
Khng th ni v hnh nh hot hnh ng ch  trong phim ny.  	1
Phong cch ngh thut c s xut hin ca cc bn v bt ch/bt ch v c mu sc tuyt vi v k l.  	1
Nu bn din trong mt b phim nh vy, bn nn vui mng v bn s tri dt khi tri t cng xa cng tt!  	0
Ci ny mun lt sng nh trong cc b phim khng gian vo nm 1998 (Deep Impact v Armageddon), v ci ny tht bi  khp mi ni.  	0
Nu bn khng b ngt th trong s nn ma ca chnh mnh (bi tt c cc b phim truyn hnh r tin v nhng cuc i thoi v gi tr) bn  phi t lm cho mnh bun chn n cht vi s lng ph thi gian ny.  	0
Tuy nhin, n to ra cho tt c nhng iu ny vi mt kt thc siu sao m t mt chic tu bin ln ang b chim bi bng gi cc mnh.  	1
Ch cn xem xt cu chuyn xut sc, din xut chc chn v xem b phim nh thm tin thng.  	1
Thay vo , chng ta c mt cuc vui v v mt a tr h hng, h hng.  	0
Ri ti xem phim mt ln na vo hai Ch nht trc y (ngy 20 thng 3 nm 2005) v ti bt u thc s tn hng n v ln ny ti  ghi m ton b.  	1
y l mt b phim c thc hin rt tt v lm phim truyn hnh.  	1
Judith Light l mt trong nhng n din vin yu thch ca ti v ti ngh c y thc hin mt cng vic tuyt vi trong b phim ny!  	1
Ti lun di theo n.  	1
 l mt b phim bun, nhng rt tt.  	1
Nu bn cha xem b phim ny, ti s gii thiu n!  	1
C y cng ng yu nh thng l.  	1
Vn cn kh th v v th v  theo sau.  	1
;) Khuyn khch vi t tin!  	1
B phim ny rt cn bng vi hi kch v kch ngh v ti rt thch th vi bn thn.  	1
 l mt cuc bo lon khi thy Hugo Weaving ng vai mt nhn vin bn hng bt ng sn ng tnh b m nh gii tnh, ngi s dng nh ca khch hng ca mnh cho b binh ca mnh vi chic Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
:) D sao i na, ct truyn chy trn tru v cc cnh quay nam gii l mt ci chn khng.  	1
Trnh t m u ca vin  qu ny l mt tr chi c in, v mo theo di l nim vui  xem.  	1
Ngi hm m th loi ny s  trn thin ng.  	1
Lange  tr thnh mt n din vin v i.  	1
N ging nh mt cu chuyn tuyt vi.  	1
Ti cha tng bc ra khi phim nhanh hn.  	0
Ti ch thy bun chn khi thy Jessice Lange ly qun o ca c y!  	0
Tht khng may, bt k c hnh no trong cng vic sn xut phim u tht bi trn mt kch bn ng tic.  	0
Ni mt li, tht l xu h.  	0
Cc k t!  	0
Tt c u xc phm tr thng minh ca mt ngi v mt s lng ph tin bc khng l.  	0
Wow ... Yu ni ny.	1
Lp v khng tt.	0
Khng ngon v kt cu cng kh chu.	0
B chn li trong k ngh cui thng 5 ngn hng ngoi Rick Steve khuyn co v yu thch n.	1
Vic la chn thc n rt tuyt vi v gi c cng vy.	1
By gi ti ang tc gin v ti mun ci phc ch cht ca ti.	0
Honeslty n khng c v ngt.)	0
Khoai ty ging nh cao su, v bn c th ni rng chng  c to ra trc thi gian b gi di ci m hn.	0
Khoai ty chin cng rt tuyt.	1
Mt cm xc tuyt vi.	1
Dch v rt nhanh.	1
S khng quay li.	0
Ngi thu ngn khng h quan tm n nhng g ti phi ni rng n  b gi qu cao.	0
Ti  th Cape Cod ravoli, g, vi cranberry ... mmmm!	1
Ti thy gh tm v ti kh chc  l tc ngi.	0
Ti b sc v khng c du hiu ch ra tin mt.	0
 ngh rt cao.	1
C hu bn hi chm mt cht.	0
Ni ny khng xng ng vi thi gian ca anh, hy  mt mnh Vegas.	0
khng thch cht no.	0
Burrittos Bla!	0
Thc n, tuyt vi.	1
Dch v cng d thng.	1
Ti khng quan tm ... Bn trong rt p.	1
Nn h  biu din.	1
ng ri ... ci th ny ngon qu.	1
-H cha bao gi mang sa lt m chng ti yu cu.	0
Ci l ny trn tng c h thng tacos ng ph ln ca Mexico, v i ng nhn vin thn thin.	1
Mt mt gi  ly  n ca chng ti ch 4 bn trong nh hng thc n ca ti l Luke m p, chng ti  chy quanh y nh th anh ta  hon ton b chong ngp.	0
T nht l mn sashimi c hi.	0
Ngoi ra cn c combo nh bnh kp tht, khoai ty chin, v bia cho 23 l hp ng t t.	1
y l c nh cui cng!	0
Ti  tm thy ni ny bi tai nn v ti khng th hnh phc hn.	1
c v l mt ni rt nhanh  n mt ming thc n quen thuc, nhng hy lm cho mnh mt c n v nhn ch khc i.	0
Nhn chung, ti thch ni ny rt nhiu.	1
Cht lng phc hi duy nht ca nh hng l n rt r tin.	1
Nhng phn phong ph v gi c tt.	1
Ti nghip, ngi phc v lm ti cm thy mnh ngu ngc mi khi anh ta n bn.	0
Chuyn thm u tin ca ti vi Hiro l nim vui!	1
Dch v d t.	0
Tm mm v m.	1
Khng c tha thun no  tt  ko ti vo c s  mt ln na.	0
Kh c th phn xt liu nhng mt ny c tt hay khng v chng ti  c thu v bi bt nc nng chy v khng mun n n v s b bnh.	0
V mt tch cc, my ch ca chng ti rt chu o v cung cp dch v tt.	1
Nhng con ngi xu xa gh tm, vi nhng ngi t nht ng sau quy thu ngn.	0
Th duy nht ti lm nh xng sn v phn trng ming.	1
Tht t khi thc n qu chung chung.	0
Bnh m l tht b ngon, nu chn va ng.	1
Nu anh mun mt ci bnh sandwich th c i n nh cu ha no! !!!	1
Mn salad Hy Lp ca ti vi mn n Hy Lp ngon lm, v bnh pita v hummus rt mi m.	1
Chng ti t cho vt him v mu hng v mm  bn trong vi mt ci char p  bn ngoi.	1
Hn chy theo chng ti khi hn nhn ra chng ti  li knh rm trn bn.	1
Mn n ca chng ngon lm!	1
H c thi  khng khip i vi khch hng, v ni chuyn vi tng ngi khi khch hng khng thch n thc n ca h.	0
Phn  rt ln!	1
Yu ... my ch thn thin, thc n tuyt vi, thc n tuyt vi v giu tr tng tng.	1
Cn au tim Grill  trung tm thnh ph Vegas l mt ci c hon ton bng phng cho mt nh hng.	0
Khng c nhiu hi sn v nh 5 si m  pha di.	0
Mn salad ch c ng lng nc st ch khng phi hn cng sut nc i, m n  c nu hon ho.	1
Qu chui rch khng ch b x, m cn b ha  v v t.	0
t nht hy ngh n vic np li nc cho ti trc khi ti u tranh vi anh trong 10 pht.	0
Ni ny nhn cc ngi sao cho APPETIZERS !!!	1
Nhng con g trng u c ch to bng tay v ngon.	1
Chng ta chc chn s quay li y.	1
Chng ti rt vui v  tm thy ni ny.	1
Thc n v dch v tuyt vi, mt phn rt ln v h s gim gi qun s.	1
Lc no cng vui v vi ngi ngoi quc!	1
Update.....  tr li ln th hai v n vn cn rt tuyt vi.	1
Chng ti c thc n v r rng h cha bao gi nghe ni n mui v ngi nh c trn con c  l chewy.	0
Mt cch tuyt vi  kt thc mt cch tuyt vi.	1
Tha thun bao gm 5 ln ung v 2  ung, v Jeff  vt ln trn v vt qua nhng g chng ti mong i.	1
-Rt, rt ngon.	1
Dch v l meh.	0
Phi mt hn 30 pht  ly sa lc, khng g hn so vi sa s c la.	0
Ti ngh ti nn bit rng ni ny s t hi, bi v n nm trong Excalibur, nhng ti khng dng cm gic chung.	0
Mn ny cng c gi tr rt cao.	0
2 ln-Dch v khch hng rt xu!	0
Khoai ty chin ngt rt ngon v c ng bin.	1
Hm nay l ln th hai ti n buffet n tra ca h v n kh tt.	1
C rt nhiu  n ngon  Vegas m ti cm thy b gian ln v ph thi c n ung bng cch i n Rice v Company.	0
n y ging nh ang tri qua mt mi quan h yu km m c hai bn khng th ch i ngi khc n  chia tay.	0
bc vo v ni  bc mi nh mt ci by m c v ch c 2 ngi khc ang n.	0
Tht g ty v tht b nng l tht b.	0
Ni ny c n!	1
Bnh ngt tt c mi ngi ang khao kht v hng v ging nh mt thm ha c may thay cho vm ming ca mt a tr su tui.	0
Ti rt thch mn Pho v ma xun, ngon lm, nn anh phi th.	1
T l di cui cho tht g lm cho g ko g rt khng tha mn.	0
Tt c nhng g ti phi ni l thc n tht tuyt vi !!!	1
Trng chin th cht mt!	1
Mi th u ti ngon v ngon lnh!	1
Tm li, y l mt tri nghim n ung ng tht vng.	0
N ging nh mt ba tic quyn r trong ming anh, ni anh ang tn tnh ngi nng bng nht trong ba tic.	1
Cha bao gi ti sng bc Hard Rock trc y, s khng bao gi bc tip trong  na!	0
Ba sng ngon nht !!!	1
Ni tm bit vi tiu th i!	0
Chng ta s khng bao gi i na.	0
S li tr li!	1
 n n nhanh!	1
Khng tt cht no.	0
 pha trn, qun c ph ca h phc v thc phm tt.	1
My ch ca chng ti rt tuyt vi v khi anh ta pht hin ra ngi v yu thng ti rang v ty xng, anh ta  thm thm vo ba n ca chng ti v mt ty khc  i!	1
iu tt duy nht l bi bn ca chng ti, ng y  rt hu dng v gi li cuc sng ca Mary.	1
Mn Buffet ngon nht trong th trn, vi ci gi m anh khng th nh bi c.	1
Ti yu nhng con trai ca h nu trong vic lm gim ru, con vt rt mm, v mn khoai ty ca chng rt ngon.	1
y l mt trong nhng b m tt hn m ti  tng lm.	1
Vy l chng ti ti Tigerlilly v c mt bui chiu tuyt vi!	1
Thc n ngon lm, ngi phc v ca chng ti rt chu o v c kh nng c nhn v chng ti  c mt tha thun tuyt vi!	1
Khng kh rt tuyt vi v c m nhc ang chi.	1
S quay li chuyn tip theo.	1
-Sooooo tt!	1
Yama khng tt u.	0
t nht 40min  i qua gia chng ti ra lnh v  n n, v n khng qu bn rn.	0
y l mt nh hng Thi cc k tuyt vi, chc chn l mt chuyn ving thm.	1
D thng, cay v mm.	1
Gi tt.	1
Kim tra i.	1
Tht kinh tm!	0
Ti  c bu khng kh tt hn.	0
Kh m lm hng ming tht nng nhng h  lm th.	0
Mc d ti rt thch ci nhn v m thanh ca ni ny, nhng tri nghim thc t li kh l ng tht vng.	0
Ti ch khng bit lm th no m ni ny c th phc v mn n ti nht m ti tng n khi h ang chun b mn n n .	0
Dch v t nht  khi ng, nhng  l iu t lo lng nht.	0
Phc v th tt v c hu bn rt thn thin.	1
Tt c mi ngi u c bt tt, v con trai thng yu ca chng ti, ngi  n bt tt  nhng ni tt nht v ti t nht cho bit  l ming bt tt ngon nht m ng y tng n.	1
Chng ti ngh anh s phi mo him i xa  c c sushi ngon, nhng ni ny thc s nh hng n v tr m .	1
Nhn vin ch nh, v thiu mt t tt p hn, BITCHES!	0
Bland ... Khng thch ni ny v mt s l do v ti khng mun ph thi gian  xem li. Ti s  n   ...	0
Hin tng thc phm, dch v v khng kh.	1
Ti s khng quay li.	0
Chc chn xng ng mo him ra khi di t cho bng heo, s tr li ln sau khi ti  Vegas.	1
Ch ny qu t i vi thc n tm thng.	0
Vodka xut sc!	1
Chng c mt la chn tt v thc phm bao gm mt chic bnh m kp tht vin khng l, mt mn bnh gin g chin gin, mt con c ng b tiu tan v mt s bnh m kp tht ngon.	1
Qun l l bt lch s.	0
Bnh m nng NYC ngon, pho mt kem, Lox thc s vi capers.	1
Tu in ngm v i, tht ra n rt tt khi bn n y mi tu in ngm khc s khng p ng c k vng ca bn.	1
Ti c mt ba sng c bit  y.	1
y l mt trong nhng qun ru ngon nht  Vegas.	1
Anh ta v cng th l v thc s, c rt nhiu nh hng khc m ti thch n ti vo cui tun  Vegas.	0
 ung ca ti cha bao gi trng rng v ng y  a ra mt vi gi  thc n	1
ng lm th!	0
Ngi phc v khng hu ch hay thn thin v him khi kim tra chng ta.	0
Chng ti v ti n tra  y v rt tht vng vi thc n v dch v.	0
V c ri  c nhiu cnh tre v khng ngon lm.	0
Ci chn ca moz p hn nhng ti cm thy nh c lm  che y thc n.	1
Cc phng tm c sch s v ni ny c trang tr rt tt.	1
Thc n lun thay i, cht lng thc phm ang gim & dch v l cc k chm.	0
Dch v chm chp, cn nhc n vic phc v bi 3 my ch nhn dn  thc phm n vi tc  chm.	0
Ti cho n 2 ngn ci.	0
Chng ti  thy ngi phc v phi ch  nhiu hn n nhng ci bn khc v b qua chng ti.	0
Hn phu ca ti v ti n gia ban ngy v chng ti c cho n v ngi ngay lp tc.	1
y l mt nh hng tuyt vi  vnh Mandalay.	1
Chng ti  i bn mi lm pht trong v vng.	0
Crostini n km vi mn salad.	0
Mt s im ni bt: Nigiri cht lng tuyt vi  y!	1
i ng nhn vin thn thin vi nhau v lun sch s.	1
y l mt vt ct khc so vi hm trc, nhng vn tuyt vi v mm cng nh c hng v tt.	1
Ti t mua m Voodoo v y l ln u tin ti thc s c m ng rt tuyt t khi c t do gluten vi nm trc.	1
ni ny rt tt.	1
Tht khng may, chng ta phi n tim bnh m vo ngy cn li bi v mi th chng ta t hng u l STALE.	0
Ti tr li hm nay t khi h ti nh c v vn khng n tng.	0
Ti  ngi ngay lp tc.	1
Thc n ca h rt a dng, v c gi hp l.	1
Trnh bng mi gi!	0
Nh hng lun y  nhng khng bao gi i.	1
NGON LM!	1
Ni ny l ni tt nht  n  khu vc tu in ngm Phoenix.	1
V vy ng n  nu bn ang tm kim thc n ngon ...	0
Ti cha tng b i x t n th.	0
Tht xng khi l hella mn.	1
Chng ti cng ra lnh salad rau bina v avocado; cc thnh phn bun b v n mc hon ton khng c khiu thm m.	0
y thc s l cch n ung ca Vegas trc y, ngay di menu c trao cho nhng ngi ph n khng c gi nim yt.	1
Bi bn rt thn thin.	1
Lordy, Khao Soi l mt mn n khng b l cho ngi yu c ri!	1
Mi th trong thc n rt tuyt vi v chng ti cng rt vui mng v h  thc hin nhng tin nghi tuyt vi cho con gi n chay.	1
C l ti bt gp h trong mt bui ti nh gi bi nhng nh gi khc, nhng ti khng c hng  quay li.	0
Phc v  y  li rt nhiu th.	0
Bu kh quyn l hin i v hng, trong khi vn duy tr mt cm gic m p.	1
Khng phi l mt m nh hng tun, nhng chc chn l mt ni  quay li vi mi ngi mt thi gian.	1
Chng ti  ngi  20 pht m khng ai hi  kin ca chng ti.	0
Bnh hm-b-g hon ton khng c hng v-tht hon ton nht mu, bnh hm-b-g c nu qu mc v khng c hng v than.	0
Ti cng quyt nh khng gi n tr li v c hu bn ca chng ti trng nh c y ang trn b vc ca vic b nhi mu c tim.	0
Ti mc qun o  c i x mt cch th bo!	0
C th l t.	0
Tnh yu ni ny, khi ti mun mt ci g  khe mnh nhng khng thiu s lng hay hng v.	1
Ti  gi mn cocktail Lemon raspberry cng khng th tin c.	1
Thc n b ht, m chng ta mong i nhng n ht nhiu hn chng ta c th tng tng.	0
Trang tr th v y.	1
iu ti thc s thch   l trm xe la.	1
Ngoi ra cn c phc v bnh m v b, v khoai ty chin vi nhng ming tht xng khi trn nh ... rt ban u v rt tt.	1
bn c th xem h chun b thc n ngon lnh!)	1
C hai qu trng u rt tuyt.	1
Khi lnh ca ti n, mt trong nhng con gyros b mt tch.	0
Ti c mt mn salad vi i cnh, v mt t kem  trng ming v  li cm gic kh hi lng.	1
T khng chc Joey c bnh chn l hot dog p nht  Thung lng bi c gi ca tp ch Phoenix.	0
Ni tt nht  i ly mt ci bt ngon ca Pho!	1
Nhc sng trong nhng ngy th Su hon ton b thi bay.	0
Ti cha bao gi b xc phm hay cm thy bt knh.	0
Nhn vin rt thn thin.	1
N ng gi lm y.	1
Ti  nghe nhng iu tt p v ni ny, nhng n vt qu mi hy vng ti c th m ti.	1
Thc phm rt tuyt vi v cng vy.	1
Bia nng khng gip c g.	0
Mt ch n ngon lm.	1
Dch v l thn thin v mi gi.	1
Ba tra rt ngon.	1
Ti  sng  y t nm 1979 v y l ln u tin (v cui cng) ti bc chn vo y.	0
 L KINH NGHIM TI T NHT.	0
Chc l m qua  ch ny.	0
Cc bn c cc loi nm hn hp, ting vang vng yukon, ng trng trng.	1
Nu con b  khng bao gi xut hin th ti  cho chc chn 4 ci, nhng  pha bn kia bc tng ni m con b ang leo ln l nh bp.	0
Trong khong 10 pht, chng ti ang i mn salad ca c y khi chng ti nhn ra rng n khng n sm.	0
Bn ti thch mn khoai ty c hi.	1
Khng quay li u.	0
Cc k ngon!	1
Bi bn gii lm!	1
t sng v khng tt.	0
Mn mojitos ca Jamaica rt ngon.	1
N nh v khng ng gi.	0
-Thc n giu c trt t nh vy.	1
Phng tm  bn ngoi nn bn ch c th ra sch, khng tm y nc, tr khi bn khng phin khi kha thn  mi ngi thy!	0
Dch v hi thiu.	0
Tm hm Bisque, Bussell Sprots, Risto, Filet Tt c u cn mui v pepper..v tt nhin l khng c  bn n.	0
Hy vng ci ny cho chng ra ngoi lm n v ai  c th nu n c th vo.	0
Hoc l qu lnh, khng  hng v hay ch l xu.	0
Ti thch mn tht xng khi.	1
Tht khng th tin c!	1
Nhng ngi  Otto lun lm cho chng ti cm thy rt cho n v c bit.	1
"Cn v ""mains"", cng khng c cm hng."	0
y l ni m trc tin ti  c pho v n tht tuyt vi!	1
Tri nghim tuyt vi ny lm cho ni ny tr nn dng li bt c khi no chng ta li  trong thnh ph.	1
Nu thc n khng  t cho anh, hy tn hng nhng ngi say phin h ca th gii.	0
Mt u bp rt vui.	1
Ra lnh cho mt chic hamburger ph mai kp v c mt ming v b v ra (hnh nh upload) Vng, vn rt t.	0
Mt ni tuyt vi  c mt cp thc ung v xem bt k s kin th thao no nh cc bc tng c bao ph bi TV.	1
Nu c th cho h 0 ngi sao, h s c n.	0
"Cc m t ni rng ""nc st yum yum"" v mt s khc cho rng ""nc st c chnh"", tuy nhin mt ngi khc ni rng ""cay cay cay"" ... cng l mt trong nhng cun  c a trn ."	0
Ti s ni  s l quyt nh kh khn nht ... Thnh tht m ni, tt c cc mn ca M' s u c mi v ca n (tuyt vi).	1
Nu c y khng cun i mt chng ta c th   li ... Khng chc l chng ti s quay li v th li ln na.	0
Mi ngi u rt chu o, cung cp dch v khch hng tuyt vi.	1
Kinh khng-ng ph thi gian v tin bc ca anh.	0
Mn ny ngon lm y.	1
Vo thi im ny, nh hng ca chng ta hu nh trng rng  khng c l do no.	0
Hn na, ta nh  lnh cng.	0
"ging nh nhng nh ph bnh khc ni, ""bn khng th tr tin cho ti  n  ni ny mt ln na."""	0
-My khoan  mt gn 30 pht  ra ngoi ti mt thi im.	0
Tht l mt nim vui thch th, mi ngi.	1
Tt hn nhiu so vi qun sushi AYCE khc m ti  n  Vegas.	1
nh sng ch  ti  thit lp tm trng.	1
Da trn dch v ngm m ti nhn c v khng c n lc  th hin lng bit n i vi cng vic ca ti ti s khng quay li.	0
Ch s hu thc s l nhng con ngi tuyt vi.	1
Khng c g c bit v vic lm vic/n  .	0
Ngi Hy Lp n mc rt nhiu kem v hng v.	1
Ni chung, ti khng ngh rng ti s a cha m n ni ny mt ln na bi v h  to ra hu ht cc khiu ni tng t m ti cm thy thm lng.	0
By gi pizza rt ngon nc st u phng rt ngon.	1
Chng ti  c 7 chic  bn n v dch v kh nhanh.	1
Dch v tuyt vi y.	1
Ti cng s cho nhng ngi cha  u bng 0 sao nu c th.	0
H bit cch  chng  y.	1
Rt kh khn v rt thiu hng v!	0
Ti hy vng ni ny s  quanh y.	1
Ti  i nhiu hn vi qun bar  Vegas, v ng bao gi nh b buc ti v nc my.	0
Khng kh nh hng rt tinh t.	1
Dch v tt, rt sch s, v r tin,  khi ng!	1
Hi sn ti v rng ri.	1
Hn na, ch c 8  thi.	1
Dch v ny cng khng c gi tr ngang bng.	0
Cho n nay, ch c hai ln gh thm v thc phm hon ton ngon lnh mi ln.	1
Cng tt nh khi ti c n hn mt nm trc!	1
i vi mt ngi t xng l c ph c ph, ti  rt tht vng.	0
Nh Veggitarian platter  ra khi th gii ny!	1
Anh c th i sai ch vi thc n  y.	1
Anh khng th nh bi n.	1
Gh qua ch ny trong khi  Madison cho ngi st, rt thn thin, nhn vin tt.	1
Cc u bp rt thn thin v c cng vic tt.	1
Ti  kh hn, khng ch t nhng im thng tr Boba dnh ring, m thm ch t Jenni Pho.	0
Ti thch sn vn ng v dch v rt xut sc.	1
Bnh taco khng h trt trn tht v wow!	1
Ti khng ngh li na.	0
Ti c x lch trn v n kh l nht  ti s khng ly li c n na.	0
Ti n Bachi Burger vi li  ngh ca mt ngi bn v khng tht vng.	1
Dch v hi qu!	0
Ti  ch i v ch i.	0
Ni ny khng phi l cht lng sushi, n khng phi l mt nh hng cht lng.	0
Ti chc chn s gii thiu i cnh cng nh bnh pizza.	1
Pizza v Salads!	1
Nhng iu  xy ra:-Chng t tri saganaki.	0
Chng ti  i mt ting ng h cho ba sng ti c th lm tt hn 100 ln  nh.	0
Ni ny tht tuyt vi!	1
Ti ght phi bt ng vi ng bo ca ti, nhng chng ti v ti rt tht vng vi ni ny.	0
 ch 2 gi v khng bao gi ly c pizza ca chng ti nh nhng ngi khc xung quanh chng ti.	0
Ch l khng hiu sao h li chm nh vy.	0
Nhn vin rt tuyt, thc n rt ngon, v chng c mt la chn bia tuyt vi.	1
Ti sng trong khu ph nn ti tht vng v ti s khng quay li y, bi v  l mt a im thun tin.	0
Ti khng bit l tht heo c th ngon hn y.	1
Bn c nhng con c ti sng, sn sng chm sc.	1
Trc khi ti n vi l do ti sao ti li nh gi 1 ngi sao 1 sao vui lng bit rng y l ln th ba ti n  Bachi burger trc khi vit mt bi ph bnh.	0
Ti thch s tht rng mi th trong thc n ca h u ng gi.	1
Ti s khng bao gi n ti  y na u!	0
Thc n rt xut sc v dch v rt tt.	1
La chn bia & ung tt v chn thc n tt.	1
Xin hy trnh xa mn tm chin xo.	0
Th t chip khoai ty bun ... Ti c th m c bao nhiu con chip trong ci hp  v n c l l khong 12.	0
Thc n thc s nhm chn.	0
Kim tra dch v tt!	1
Tp on tham lam ny s khng bao gi nhn thy ng xu no ca ti!	0
S khng bao gi, khng bao gi quay li.	0
Ti khng th no vt qua c dch v kinh khng v s khng bao gi tr li.	0
Vo ma h, bn c th n ti trong mt sn chi ngoi tri quyn r-rt th v.	1
Ti khng mong chuyn ny s tt p n th!	1
Thc n tuyt vi!	1
C y  t mt chic bnh nng xp bng ting Anh i ra m khng b nng.	0
Thc n rt ngon.	1
Khng bao gi quay li.	0
Thc n tuyt vi cho ci gi, cht lng v nh sn xut rt cao.	1
Cu b xe but  tay kia rt th l.	0
n lc ny, bn ti v ti  bit c ni ny l mt tr a v khng ngi lm n cng khai v ln ting.	0
Tr li BBQ tt, gi v nh hn, gi c hp l v ni vi cng chng rng h  tr li vi nhng cch c.	1
V xem xt hai chng ti ri khi  rt y  v hnh phc vi gi 20  la, anh khng th sai.	1
Tt c bnh m u c lm ra trong nh!	1
Nhc im duy nht l phc v.	0
Ngoi ra, khoai ty chin khng cn nghi ng g na.	0
Dch v l ngoi l v thc phm l mt iu tt p nh tt c cc nh gi.	1
Vi thng sau, ti quay li v c mt ba n tuyt vi.	1
Ni a thch trong th trn cho shawarrrrrrma! !!!	1
u xanh v khoai lang ... UNREAL!	1
Anh s khng tht vng u.	1
Chng c th phc v n ch vi cc vinaigrette v n c th lm cho mt mn n tng th tt hn, nhng n vn rt tt.	1
Ti i qu nhiu ni v cha bao gi thy mt nh hng no phc v ba sng 1 qu trng, c bit l 4.00 .	0
Khi m ti v ti v nh, b y ngay lp tc b bnh v b y ch c vi ming salad thi.	0
Cc my ch khng d chu  i ph v h khng phi lc no cng tn vinh Pizza Hut coupons.	0
C hai u khng th tin c, v ti rt vui v chng ta  quay li.	1
Chng ti c mt dch v tuyt vi, v rt hi lng vi bu kh quyn.	1
Mi th u th tc.	0
Ti yu ni ny.	1
Dch v v thc phm tuyt vi.	1
u tin-cc nh tm  a im ny l v bc bn Seat bn khng c b sung v ch n gin l ycky !!!	0
"Ci burger ... Ti c ci burger ""Vng"" tr gi 17  v rt tht vng."	0
OMG,  n ngon qu!	1
Ni ny khng c g xc thc.	0
spaghetti khng c g c bit.	0
Trong tt c cc mn n, c hi l tt nht, nhng tt c u rt tuyt.	1
Cc loi rau qu rt ti v nc st c cm gic nh l ngi Thi.	1
ng  li xe t Tucson!	1
Cuc chn lc c l l iu ti t nht m ti tng thy  Vegas..... khng c ai c.	0
La chn bia kh ngon.	1
Ni ny ging nh l Chipotle, nhng tt hn.	1
Cc mn khai v, cc mn khai v ngon v vui ti, bt tt mng nc (bt-tt bng chy!! !!!	1
5 sao cho ng dng bnh m!	1
Ti  n  y nhiu ln, v mi ln thc n rt ngon.	1
Chng ti ngi thm 10 pht v cui cng  t b v b i.	0
Anh ta tht kinh khng!	0
Mi ngi u c i x cng bng.	1
Khng nn mt 30 pht bnh kp v trng.	0
N rt ngon !!!	1
V mt tt, nhn vin thc s vui v v nhit tnh-mt iu tr thc s.	1
ng bun thay, Gordon Ramsey's Steak l ni chng ti s trnh n trong chuyn i ti Vegas.	0
Lun lun l bui ti tuyt vi v thc n ngon!	1
C ngon nht ti tng c trong i!	1
(Phng tm ch l ca k bn v rt p.)	1
B m nh v tt c thc n m chng cung cp l BLAND.	0
y l mt nh hng ni bt vi nhng mn n ngon nht m ti tng nm.	1
Ti c th ni l kh tuyt.	1
Chc chn l ti s quay li tr khi c ngi khc mua.	0
Server  thc hin mt cng vic tuyt vi.	1
Ti thy lng ph thc phm  c th ph hy, nhng y khng phi l thc n.	0
V ti c mn sp Lobster Bisque lc no cng m.	0
S quay li nu ti thm n sushi trong khi  Vegas.	1
Nhn vin rt tuyt, khng kh rt tt.	1
N xng ng vi 5 sao.	1
Ti b au d dy v cm thy m sut c ngy.	0
H lm ri nhiu hn qu bng.	0
Khng gian n ung rt nh, nhng trang tr sang trng v thoi mi.	1
H s ty chnh trt t ca anh theo cch m anh mun, thng thng ca ti l Eggplant vi Green Bean xo rn, yu n!	1
V u v cm l tt nht.	0
Mn tht chin ngon nht trong th trn ny!	1
Ti ly li tin v ra khi .	0
Trong mt phn th v ca th trn, ni ny tht tuyt vi.	1
QUN L KHIM NH V THIU THN TRNG.	0
Nhn vin by gi khng thn thin, thi gian ch i c phc v l kinh khng, khng ai ni li cho trong 10 pht u tin.	0
Ti s khng quay li.	0
H c nhng ba ti tuyt vi.	1
Dch v  b chiu sng v ti chc chn  ngh Halibut.	1
Thc n tht kinh khng.	0
S KHNG BAO GI QUAY LI V K CHO NHIU NGI BIT CHUYN  XY RA.	0
Ti khng khuyn ngh tr khi chic xe ca anh b hng trc mt n v anh ang cht i.	0
Ti s quay li y mi khi ti Vegas.	1
Ni ny xng ng c mt ngi sao v 90% phi lm vi thc n.	0
y l mt s  nhc.	0
Ln sau Def tr li t im	1
Nu bn mun thc n ngon lnh hoc khe mnh, hy th ch ny.	1
Ti s tip tc n y vo m ti ca cc qu c v ti nay ... gii thiu ch ny cho bt c ai  trong khu vc (;	1
Ti   y nhiu ln trong qu kh, v tri nghim ny lun lun tuyt vi.	1
Chng ti  rt vui mng v tri nghim buffet  Vegas u tin ca chng ti.	1
Dch v xut sc v gi c kh hp l khi xem xt y l Vegas v nm bn trong khu mua sm tinh th ca Aria.	1
 tm tt li ... thc n khng th tin c, khng, vt ln ... nhng khng c g mang li cho ti nim vui ging nh nhng k c v s chnh lch kh nn.	1
Ti c l l mt trong s t ngi n Ians v khng thch n.	0
Tr con pizza lun lun l mt c nh vi rt nhiu mn n cho tr em!	1
Dch v l hon ho v khng kh gia nh tt  thy.	1
c nu cho hon ho v dch v l hon ho.	1
Ci ny n gin ch l mt s tht vng.	0
Nhn chung, ti rt tht vng vi cht lng thc phm  Bouchon.	0
Ti khng cn phi lm k ton  bit l ti sp tiu ri!	0
Ni tuyt vi  n, nhc nh ti v nhng ca hng m v m nh  khu vc vnh San Francisco.	1
Hm nay, s thch u tin ca ti v Budodogis Gourmet Hot Dog v ti phi ni vi cc bn iu  nhiu hn ti tng.	1
 li rt tht vng.	0
Chc chn ti s sm tr li.	1
Thc n rt ngon v ti rt nh b.	1
Phc v tht tuyt vi.	1
PH THI GIAN.	0
Ti khng bit  l loi g nhng h c tr  ngon nht.	1
n i, hy vui v v nhi bng!	1
V phc v, ta khng cho h sao.	0
Ti c th m bo vi anh l anh s khng tht vng.	1
Ti c th nhn mt t dch v xu nhng thc phm li t.	0
T b c gng  n bt k v (rng vn au).	0
Nhng by gi ti  hon ton thu v.	0
Ti rt thch n  y.	1
Ln u tin i nhng ti ngh ti s nhanh chng tr thnh mt ngi bnh thng.	1
My ch ca chng ti rt d thng, v mc d anh y trng hi chong ngp vi tt c cc nhu cu ca chng ti, anh y vn chuyn nghip v thn thin cho n khi kt thc.	1
T nhng g bn n ti ca ti ni vi ti ... mi th u rt ti ngon vi kt cu v hng v p.	1
Trn mt t, ngay cnh bn ca chng ti l mt ng phn chim mu xanh l cy.	0
Hn na, anh cn khng th tm c thi gian hot ng trn trang web!	0
Chng ti  c thch ni ny nhng sau 10 gi, ti ngh chng ta  xong vic vi h ri.	0
ng l mt sai lm!	0
Khng phn nn!	1
y l mt s pizza ngon v ti l mt chuyn gia/kt ni v ch  ny.	1
Bi bn l mt tn khn.	0
Strike 2, ngi mun c gp rt.	0
y l nhng ch nh hng p nht m ti tng gp.	1
Ti khng bao gi quay li na.	0
Chng ti thch bnh quy !!!	1
Dch v nhanh v thn thin.	1
Ti  gi mn khai v v mt 40 pht ri sau  ci pizza thm 10 pht na.	0
Tht tuyt vi.	1
 l mt con b ci vng v nng 1,5 lb v mp m.	0
Chc chn s quay li y.	1
Ti thch Steiners bi v n ti v n c cm gic nh mt qun bar.	1
Rt cay nhng ngon.	1
Nu anh khng quen, hy kim tra n.	1
Ti s ly tin n ti  ch khc.	0
Ti mun quay li.	1
D sao, nh hng FS ny c mt ba n tra tuyt vi.	1
Khng g c bit.	0
Mi ngy trong tun h c mt tha thun khc v tt c u rt ngon.	1
Cha k n s kt hp ca l, hnh nhn v tht xng khi l mt chin thng ln!	1
S khng quay li.	0
Nc st khng c ch no c.	0
Thc n ngon v  cay, v vy hy chc chn s yu cu spicier nu bn thch n theo cch .	1
Tht b nng ca ti  c nu chn hon ho v c hng v thm ngon.	1
Ti khng ngh chng ta s quay li sm u.	0
Thc n qu ngu ngc.	1
Ti khng phi l mt ngi snh n sushi nhng ti c th chc chn s khc bit gia  n ngon v thc n ti t v y chc chn l  n ti.	0
Ti cm thy b xc phm.	0
3 ln cui cng ti n tra  y u t hi.	0
Cnh g cha tht g kh nht m ti tng n.	0
Thc n rt ngon v ti rt thch th, mt a im th gin th v cho cc cp i gia nh nh ...	1
Nargile-Ti ngh anh rt tuyt.	1
Ch tt nht  pha ty nam.	1
Chng ti yu ni ny.	1
Chc chn khng ng gi 3  ti  tr.	0
Kem vani l kem v mn trong khi bnh pastry profiterole (choux)  ti.	1
Ti   trong AZ mi lc v by gi  c ch mi ca ti.	1
Ngi qun l l ngi t nht.	0
Bn trong rt p v rt sch.	1
Lng thc rt xut sc v gi c rt hp l.	1
Ti khng ngh l ti s quay li ch Carly khng lu u.	0
iu ny l do thc t l phi mt 20 pht  c tha nhn, sau  thm 35 pht  ly c thc phm ca chng ti ... v h tip tc qun mi th.	0
Ti cng thch margaritas qu!	1
y l buffet Vegas u tin v duy nht ca ti v n khng lm ti tht vng.	1
Rt tt!	1
Mt lu  l s thng gi c th s dng mt s nng cp.	0
Sandwich tht ln ngon.	1
ng ph thi gian  y.	0
Hon ton tht bi, ti th i mua li qun Hoa Camelback v c ph Cartel.	0
Th ba, pho mt trn bnh hm-b-g ca bn ti lnh.	0
Chng ti thng thc pizza v ba tra.	1
Cc ming bt tt u c ch to tt v cng hon ton nu chn.	1
Chng ti c mt nhm 70 + khi chng ti tuyn b chng ti ch c 40 v h x l tt p cho chng ti.	1
TI THCH N!	1
Chng ti yu cu d lut ri i m khng n v h cng khng mang theo.	0
Ni ny l mt vin ngc qu  Las Vegas, v chnh xc nhng g ti mong tm c trong gn 10 nm sng  y.	1
Hi sn b gii hn  tm luc v chn cua nhng chn cua chc chn khng c v ti.	0
Vic la chn thc phm khng phi l tt nht.	0
Rt ngon v ti s hon ton tr li!	1
y khng phi mt nh hng gia nh nh, y l mt c s n ung tt.	1
H c mt con tartare vi mt ci cavier tht phi thng v ti thch ci wagyu thi mng vi nm cc trng.	1
Ti khng ngh ti s tr li trong mt thi gian di.	0
N c gn vo mt trm xng, v  him khi l mt du hiu tt.	0
Tht tuyt vi.	1
Ti s sm quay li.	1
Thc n c rt nhiu th tt m ti khng th quyt nh c!	1
T hn na, hn lm nhc cng nhn ngay trc mt ti.Mt ng tn gi khng khip.	0
Kt lun: Cc ba n y .	1
Mn c bit hng ngy ca h lun l mt hit vi nhm ca ti.	1
V ri bi kch xy ra.	0
Bnh kp cng rt ngon v kh ln.	1
y l kinh nghim u tin ca ti, v n rt ngon.	1
Mn tht nng v trng g ca chng l mn n a thch ca ti.	1
Bi bn rt ngt ngo v vui tnh.	1
Ti cng phi nm th mn bnh kp b ng ca m ti vi b m v chng tht tuyt vi, mn v ngon!	1
Ti thch n thc n ca hng hng khng, nghim tc y.	0
Cant ni nhng iu tt p v ni ny.	1
Khng kh khng th tin c.	1
C hu bn v qun l rt thn thin.	1
Ti s khng  ngh ni ny.	0
Nhn chung l ti khng n tng vi Noa lm.	0
Gyro ca ti v c bn ch l rau dip.	0
Dch v khng khip!	0
Hon ton tht vng!	0
Ti khng c nhiu m, nhng ti thch mn bnh nng v pizza mng  y.	1
Hy c gng, anh s hnh phc v anh  lm.	1
Cho ti nay nhng ci bnh ph mai BEST m chng ta  tng c!	1
Cng c gi hp l!	1
Mi th u hon ho trong m chng ti  trong .	1
Thc n rt ngon cho mn n in hnh ca bn.	1
 l mt  a  n .	0
Ban u, n l mt qun c ph bnh ngt-khng kh d thng, mt i ng nhn vin sch s, thn thin.	1
D sao, ti khng ngh ti s quay li .	0
t ngn tay ca bn vo bt k mc no trn thc n, t hng v bn s khng b tht vng.	1
i, ci ny p qu, nh hng ny.	1
Nu anh khng i ngay by gi!	1
Mt ba n m bo, khng lnh mnh.	0
ln u tin   v c th l ln cui cng.	0
My ci burger  tht tuyt vi.	1
Tng t, ngi giao hng khng ni mt li xin li khi thc n ca chng ti 45 pht tr.	0
V n rt tn km.	0
Hy chc chn l mn trng ming, ngay c khi bn cn gi n -i-tiramisu v cannoli u  cht.	1
y l ln u tin ca ti v ti khng th ch n khi tip theo.	1
Ngi phc v cng tt.	1
Mi th u ngon v ngon.	1
Ch ny c hai ngn tay ci.	1
Ni tt nht  Vegas cho ba sng (ch cn kim tra xem Sat, hoc Sun.	1
Nu cc bn thch  n Mexico ch thc v mun c c ng tht th v, nhng rt ngon  chn la, bn cn phi th ch ny.	1
Qun l khng khip.	0
Mt nh hng mi tuyt vi ca mt ngi Php c kinh nghim.	1
Nu khng c ngi sao no ti s cho n 0 sao.	0
Tht b ngon, cc cnh tuyt vi, ru vang tuyt vi, nhng mn trng ming tuyt vi.	1
Mt ly martini t nht!	0
Bt tt v tm ang theo  kin ca ti nhng li cu xin tt nht  GC.	1
Hm nay ti  c c hi  ly mu pizza tuyt vi ca c!	1
Chng ti  i ba mi pht  ngi xung (mc d c 8 bn trng v chng ti l nhng ngi duy nht ch i).	0
Tm thm vng  tan chy trong ming ng.	1
Ti s khng c quay li  ngay c khi n trng rng.	0
Khng, ti s n khoai ty m ti tm thy vi si tc l trong .	0
Ch  cay thi. Hon ho.	1
Ti qua l ln th hai ti n ti  y v ti rt vui v  quyt nh quay li!	1
"Thm ch khng c ""xin cho, chng ti s  bn phi."""	0
Mn trng ming hi l.	0
Bn trai ti v ti n y ln u tin trong mt chuyn i n Vegas gn y v khng th hi lng hn vi cht lng thc phm v dch v.	1
Ti thc s  ngh ni ny, anh c th i sai ch vi ci bnh donut ny!	1
Khng kh p lm.	1
Ti s  ngh cu phng cho vic ny!	1
Ti ngh c l chng ta  i mt m ngoi tri nhng iu  tht ng h thn.	0
Tuy nhin, kinh nghim gn y ca ti  a im ny khng c tt lm.	0
Ti bit y khng ging nh cc nh hng khc, c g   y!	0
TRNH C S NY I!	0
Ti ngh nh hng ny khng c gng ht sc.	0
Tt c cc mn n Tapas u ngon!	1
Ti l tri tim ca ni ny.	1
Mn salad ca ti c mt mn ru nho nh cho em b xanh l v tri tim ca Palm.	0
Sau hai ln ti cm thy kinh tm.	0
Mt thi gian vui v!	1
Ti tin rng ni ny l mt im dng tuyt vi dnh cho nhng ngi c mt ci bng rt to v hankering cho sushi.	1
Mt phn ho phng v v ngon.	1
Ti s khng bao gi tr li ni ny v s khng bao gi  ngh ni ny cho bt c ai!	0
"Cc my ch quay li nhiu ln, thm ch khng phi l mt ""bn ang c gip ?"""	0
Thc n ngon lm!	1
NGHIM TC CH?	0
Ti xem xt v trm ny.	0
Eew ... a im ny cn c i tu hon ton.	0
Gn y chng ti  chng kin cht lng qun l km ca c i vi cc v khch khc.	0
Ch i, ch i v ch i.	0
ng y cng quay li  kim tra chng ti, dch v xut sc.	1
My ch ca chng ti rt tt v  kim tra chng ti rt nhiu ln.	1
Pizza c v c, siu dai dng khng phi l cch tt.	0
Ti  c gng  cho h mt th nghim nhng v cng tht vng.	0
Phc v tt v cng ty tt hn!	1
Cc nhn vin cng rt thn thin v hiu qu.	1
Cn v dch v, ti l mt fan hm m, bi v n rt nhanh v c ang c phc v bi mt vi ngi tt.	1
Thng nhc   kh ro!	0
nh gi cao hn.	0
Nu anh tm  n Thi, th i ch khc i.	0
Tht b ca chng c khuyn co 100%!	1
Sau khi ti ko xe ti ch thm 15 pht trc khi c cng nhn.	0
Thc n tuyt vi v phc v tt trong mi trng sch s v thn thin.	1
Tt c, ti m bo l ti s quay li.	1
Ti ght nhng th ny nhiu nh -liu cht lng r tin.	0
Ba sng ca ti  sn sng, vi mt bi thuyt trnh tuyt vi v 3 lt  khng l ca Toast, nh nhng vi ng bt.	1
Bn tr  khu vc ny l Nasty!	0
Mt ni tuyt vi m khng c n.	1
C hu bn rt thn thin v vui v vi cc ty chn cho vegan/veggie.	1
Ti cm thy mnh cha bao gi n thc n Thi cho n mn n ny.	1
"N cc k ""sp "" v khng c v tr."	0
 l mu nht thay v tt v c hng v v khng c hng v.	0
Cc crouton cng c hng v tng t.	1
Ti  v nh  xem i cnh nh kh nht t trc n gi!	0
N s l im dng chn thng xuyn trong chuyn i ca ti n Phoenix!	1
Ti rt thch c ph Crema trc khi chng m rng; Ti thm ch cn ni vi bn l h c ba sng BEST.	1
Khng tt cho tin.	0
Ti nh n v c g chng c mt ci  Philadelphia!	1
Chng ta  ngi kh nhanh, nhng kt thc l 40 pht ch  t hng, 30 pht na trc khi thc n n.	0
Chng cng c loi pho mt ngon nht trong th trn.	1
Gi tr tt,  n ngon, dch v tuyt vi.	1
Khng th i hi mt ba n tha mn hn.	1
Thc n ngon y.	1
Tht tuyt vi.	1
Ti ch mun ri khi y.	0
Chng ti  li xe sut t Bc Scottsdale ... v ti khng h tht vng cht no!	1
Ti s khng n   na.	0
!Nhng ch s hu tht s cn phi b vic lm tr r tin  h gi ci bnh m kp d ca ti ln hai t giy khng phi l mt!	0
Ti  kim tra ni ny vi nm trc v khng n tng.	0
Con g m ti nhn c chc chn  c hm nng v ch n thi, nhng ci nm tr nn lnh v t.	0
Xin li, ti s khng ly thc n t y bt c lc no u.	0
Tuyt i phi n thm!	1
Li b v tht chin tht tuyt vi.	1
Bn ti khng thch Bloody Mary.	0
Bt chp vic ti lm vic kh khn nh th no, nhng thc s him khi ti cho 1 ngi sao.	0
H thc s mun anh tri nghim mt cch tt p.	1
Ta s khng tr li.	0
Ti  n mn g pho v n  nm mi hng.	0
Rt tht vng !!!	0
Mn g nng rt mm v mu vng t saffron gia v.	1
Li xe thru c ngha l anh khng mun i khong na ting ng h  mua thc n, nhng bng cch no  khi chng ta kt thc  y h bt chng ta phi ch i v ch i.	0
Mt ni tuyt vi.	1
Khng kh l hon ho.	1
May mn nht i vi dch v th l v phi khch hng tp trung vo qun l mi.	0
Bt c b ngoi no cng c th lm g nng ngon hn ci ny.	0
Ti  hi nhiu ln cho danh sch ru vang v sau mt thi gian b pht l, ti n gp ch nh v t ly mt ci.	0
i ng nhn vin lun rt thn thin v hu ch, c bit tuyt vi khi bn mang theo hai b trai nh v mt em b!	1
Bn ngi sao cho  n v ngi mc o xanh cho vibe tuyt vi ca mnh v vn cho chng ti vo n!	1
Bnh m kp tht b n ngon lm!	1
Cng bui ti, anh ta v ti u b bnh nng.	0
Tht g cht lng cao trn mn salad Caesar.	1
Mn burger him c trong chng ta s xong.	0
Chng ti  c cho n v ngi.	1
Ti  c n y n tra v  l mt nh thng in.	0
Ti  b chng minh l  cht sai bi thanh sushi ny, khng ch v cht lng l tuyt vi, m cn dch v th nhanh v c thc phm, hon ho.	1
Sau khi ch mt ting v ngi xung, ti khng c tm trng tt.	0
y l ch tt.	1
Nh Macarons  y rt p.	1
Ti khng n  y!	0
Bi bn ca chng ti rt sng to, thn thin v thng tin.	1
C l nu chng khng lnh th chng s n c.	0
Ni ny c rt nhiu ha hn nhng tht bi trong vic giao hng.	0
Kinh Nghim Ti T!	0
ng l sai lm.	0
Thc phm trung bnh l tt nht.	0
Thc n ngon.	1
Chng ta s khng quay li sm u!	0
Rt tht vng khi t mua 35  la Big Bay Plater.	0
Mt ni tuyt vi  th gin v c mt ci burger v bia tuyt vi.	1
Tht hon ho cho ba n gia nh ngi xung hoc i cng vi vi ngi bn.	1
Khng c nhiu hng v cho h, v rt km xy dng.	0
Ch ngi hin nh rt thoi mi.	1
Cm chin cng kh.	0
B tay xung nh hng  a thch ca ti!	1
"Ting ht ""hp php"" trong sch ca ti ... cng kh him  Vegas."	1
 khng phi l mt tri nghim th v.	1
Bu khng kh rt tuyt vi mt b i ngh s v cm chi nhng ca khc m chng ti yu cu.	1
C nhn ti rt thch hummus, pita, baklava, falafels v Baba Ganoush (tht tuyt vi nhng g h lm vi c tm!).	1
Rt tin li, t khi chng ti  li MGM!	1
Cc ch s hu rt thn thin v nhn vin t ra lch s.	1
C hai tuyt vi!	1
La chn chit trung.	1
C khoai lang ngon nhng nhng chic vng hnh ty th hon ho hay gn ging nh ti  tng.	1
Cc nhn vin rt chu o.	1
V ng u bp rt ho phng vi thi gian ca mnh (thm ch n khong hai ln  chng ti c th chp nh vi ng y).	1
Ch s hu tng lm vic ti Nobu, nn ni ny thc s tng t vi mt na gi.	1
Google mediocre v ti ngh rng Smashburger s n tung.	0
ng i.	0
Ti ha h s khng tht vng.	1
Nh mt ngi yu sushi, hy trnh xa ni ny bng mi cch.	0
Mt ci hamburger i tuyt vi!	1
Dch v v thc phm tuyt vi.	1
Mt khu dn c tuyt vi !!!	1
Ti khng th ch  quay li.	1
Ti cha tng nm th nhng g t nht.	0
 l mt ni tuyt vi v ti  ngh n.	1
Dch v chm chp v khng chu o.	0
Ti cho n 5 ngi sao, v by gi ti s cho n 5 sao.	1
Nhn vin ca anh dnh nhiu thi gian  ni chuyn vi chnh h hn ti.	0
Mn trng ming: Panna Cotta tht tuyt vi.	1
Thc n rt ngon, khng kh ln 1	1
Tht nng ngon vi.	1
Tht bi hon ton.	0
Gi c rt hp l, hng v c t trn, nc st c sn xut ti nh, v lut php khng t  mayo.	1
Bn decor l tt, v nhc nn piano rt d chu.	1
Bt-tt ... rge fillet rellero l mn hi sn ngon nht m ti tng c!	1
Thc n ngon, phc v tt.	1
Hon ton tuyt vi.	1
Ti s khng quay li, thnh tht m ni.	0
Chc chn s quay li!	1
Bnh sandwich tht b trung s vi st auju cng l mt ci sandwich ngon.	1
Hawaii Breeze, Mango Magic, v Pineapple Delight l nhng sinh t m ti  th v tt c u tt.	1
i n tra l chm chp.	0
Chng ti  c rt nhiu iu  ni v ni ny trc khi chng ti bc vo  anh y mong i n s tht tuyt vi, nhng  nhanh chng tht vng.	0
Ti  b s nhc.	0
Khng cn phi ni, chng ta s khng bao gi tr li y na.	0
D sao th, thc n chc chn khng lp y , v gi m anh phi tr gi nhiu hn.	0
Nhng con chp c a ra ngoi  c ngm vi du m, v hu nh khng n c.	0
Ti khng tht s n tng vi Strip Steak.	0
 c t nm 2007 v mi ba n u tuyt vi!	1
My ch ca chng ti rt tt v chu o nh nhng nhn vin phc v khc.	1
Ngi thu ngn rt thn thin v thm ch mang thc n n cho ti.	1
Ti lm vic trong ngnh cng nghip khch sn  Thung lng Paradise v khng gii thiu Cibo thm na.	0
Bu khng kh  y rt vui.	1
Khng nn yu cu ngi khc.	0
"Dch v nhanh v thm ch ""ra lnh"" cng ging nh chng ta thch!"	1
 ti l, lm th no  ni ting vi nhng con c v khoai ty chin khi n tht kinh khng!?	0
Ngi ta ni rng, ming v bng ca chng ta vn kh hi lng.	1
Khng phi vic ca ti.	0
2 ngn ci!	1
Nu c c th ny, xin ng n .	0
Ti thch pizza nng, nhc ti v pizza  hp php.	1
Ch c Pros: khu vc ln ch ngi/khu vc thanh p/khu vc bar p/Thc n  ung n gin tuyt vi/Bnh pizza nng BEST BEST vi bt nho t lm!	1
Chng c mt bu khng kh rt p.	1
Ti nay ti c mn Elk Filet c bit ... v n t lm.	0
Sau khi b cn, ti  b mc.	1
Chng ti  ra lnh cho mt s c in c in v mt s mn n mi sau khi n  mt vi ln v hon ton tht vng vi mi th.	0
D thng, k l, n gin, thnh tht.	1
Con g c tm mt cch tinh t v c c bt hon ho  bn ngoi v g m  bn trong.	1
Thc n lc no cng tuyt vi, khen ngi bp trng.	1
Cm n c bit v Dylan T. v khuyn co v th t:) Tt c u ngon cho bng ca ti.	1
Mt la chn bia tuyt vi.	1
Thc n ngon v dch v tuyt vi!	1
Mt iu th v l h  thm tin vo d lut k t khi ng ca chng ti ln hn 6 hoc 8 tui, v h khng mong i nhiu hn th.	1
Fly   trong nc to ca ti. A FLY!! !!!	0
G Hn Nam cng rt ngon.	1
Cn v dch v, ti ngh n rt tt.	1
Thc n hu nh khng m, nn phi ngi ch my ch  mang n ra cho chng ti.	0
Ryan's Bar chc chn l mt thnh lp  Edinburgh, ti s khng n thm.	0
Mt nh hng Trung Quc p nht m ti   trong mt thi gian.	1
Nhn chung, ti thch c thc n v dch v.	1
H cng phc v bnh m n  naan vi hummus v mt s loi nc st thng cay trong th gii ny.	1
C l s khng bao gi quay li, v s khng  ngh iu .	0
Pasta ca bn cng rt t, n hu nh khng chm vo n.	0
Th chng  sn bay  th thc n ngon v nhanh chng, phc v thn thin.	1
Ti thch trang tr vi giy t th php Trung Quc.	1
Cha tng c g  phn nn.	1
Nh hng rt sch s v c mt nh hng gia nh.	1
N  b nng chn ri.	0
Ti khng chc chng ta    bao lu nhng n  lu  ti bt u cm thy lng tng.	0
Khi ti m bnh m, ti  rt n tng, nhng khng phi theo cch tt.	0
S khng quay li!	0
C mt cm gic m p vi dch v v ti cm thy nh khch mi ca h cho mt s iu tr c bit.	1
Mt thc n m rng cung cp rt nhiu la chn cho ba sng.	1
Ti lun t hng t thc n chay trong ba ti, c rt nhiu la chn  la chn.	1
Ti  chng kin gi c ca h phng ln, mt phn nh hn v thi  qun l pht trin nhanh chng!	0
Nhng con heo vi tuyt vi v mi trng lm ti cm thy m p v m nht bn trong.	1
Ti phi thng thc mn salad hi sn, vi mt ba n ngon tuyt vi.	1
Cc cy cu rt mng, khng dy v dai, gn nh tan chy trong ming.	1
Mc  5 l hon ho, ni m gia v khng c qu-whelm sp.	1
Chng ti  ngi ng gi v my ch ca chng ti t khi i l FANTASTIC!	1
iu quan trng ti khng thch l m ng gi hn, khong 30 tui.	0
Khi ti  bn ny thnh ph ny, chc chn y s l mt im m ti s li b tn cng ln na!	1
Ti phi i hn 30 pht  ly  ung ca mnh v di hn  c c 2 arepas.	0
y l mt ni tuyt vi  n!	1
Tht xng khi jalapeno l ngon lnh.	1
Phc v rt ngho nn v tt bng.	0
Thc n ngon, dch v l tt, gi l tt.	1
Ni ny khng sch s v thc n ngon lm!	0
Tht g l OK, tht b ging nh da giy.	0
Nhng dch v  vt qu tm kim sot.	0
"Ti rt vui c  y! """	1
V nh t.	0
Mt trong s t ni  Phoenix m ti chc chn s quay tr li.	1
Khu nh  tht tuyt vi.	1
N  gn nh ti, n l gi r, khng p, gi c phi chng, thc n ngon.	1
* C Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups tuyt i l 5 sao!	1
Mn sashimi ca ti c cht lng km v v v.	0
Ba ti gia nh tuyt vi trong mt m ch nht.	1
"Thc phm khng ngon lnh, khng ni ""phong cch H Nam truyn thng thc s""."	0
iu lm ti bn tm l phc v chm chp.	0
Cc th ct tc tht tuyt vi!	1
Margaritas ng lnh ca h qu c bit so vi khu v ca ti.	0
Tht tt khi chng ta ra lnh 2 ln.	1
Vy nn trong mt qu hch: 1) Ngi d mi li c mi nh l s kt hp ca mt ch c bn v mt ci cng.	0
Bn gi ti rt t.	0
Tht khng may, n khng tt.	0
Ti c mt tri nghim rt chm bim.	1
Gia nhp cu lc b v nhn c li  ngh tuyt vi qua email	1
Hon ho cho mt ai  (ti) ngi ch thch bia lnh, hoc trong trng hp ny, thm ch l lnh hn.	1
Bland v flavorless l mt cch tt  m t tht tepid yu.	0
Nhng si dy xch, m ti khng thch, nh bi ni ny mt cch d dng.	0
Bn nachos l ngi phi chu!	1
Chng ta s khng quay li.	0
Ti khng c nhiu li  ni v ni ny, nhng mi th u tt p.	1
Cc nhn vin rt p v rt nhanh chng ngay c vi m ng in cung ca trung tm bi thm, lut s, v nhn vin ta n.	1
Khng kh ln, thn thin v dch v nhanh.	1
Khi ti nhn c Pita n rt ln, n c rt nhiu tht trong .	1
Mt khi thc n  n .	0
Tr $7,85 cho mt hot dog v khoai ty chin trng nh c ra khi ba n ca mt a tr  Wienerschnitzel khng phi l  tng ca ti v mt ba n ngon.	0
Kinh in Maine Lobster Roll tht tuyt vi.	1
Anh trai ti lm vic  trung tm mua sm cng ngy, v on xem anh ta b bnh c m l g.	0
Tht tt l ti s phi xem li ni ny hai ln-mt ln  vinh danh v tr v mt ln nh mt mn qu cho mt s kin c t chc  y ti qua.	1
Khoai ty chin v salsa thc s tt, salsa rt ti.	1
Ni ny tht tuyt! !!!	1
 n tm thng.	0
Mt khi anh vo c bn trong anh s b n tng vi ni ny.	1
Ti l siu y vin.	0
V phc v rt thn thin.	1
Ti sao nhng loi rau nh bun ny li qu nu chn?	0
Ni ny tht l mt ngc nhin th v!	1
Chng l nhng con chin gin vng v ngon lnh.	1
Ti  c nhiu hy vng cho ni ny k t khi bnh hm-b-g c nu chn qua mt ci v nng than, nhng khng may l v tr phng, phng.	0
Ti c th n tht mui ca chng c ngy.	1
Khng mt nhn vin no n xem liu chng ti c n hay thm ch l cn np nc mt khi cui cng h  phc v thc n cho chng ti.	0
Cui cng, khu mozzarella, chng l th tt nht m chng ti t.	1
Ln u tin ti n y ti  c mt tri nghim tuyt vi, ti vn ni vi mi ngi rng con vt ny tuyt vi th no.	1
My ch rt bt cn vi nhu cu ca chng ti v lm chng ti cm thy khng c cho n ... Ti s khng  ngh ni ny!	0
Nhng dch v rt t.	0
Ni ny c gi qu cao, khng ph hp vi khu boba ca h, v gi qu t!	0
N  c ng gi!	0
Ti yu ni ny.	1
Ti c th ni mn trng ming ngon lm.	1
Thc n tht kinh khng.	0
Hoa qu theo ma l nhng qu o to trng.	1
N ngy cng t hn v t hn nn gi ti  hon thnh chnh thc.	0
Ni ny thc s nn b n tung.	0
Nhng ti chc chn s khng n  y na.	0
ng ph tin  y!	0
Ti thch vic h t thc n ca h vo nhng thng nha tt nh tri ngc vi vic cramming n trong nhng hp giy nh.	1
Crpe rt mng v mng v m.	1
Dch v kinh khng.	0
S khng bao gi n y na.	0
Cht lng thc phm  rt kinh khng.	0
Vi ci gi  ti c th ngh ra mt vi ni ti s c nhiu hn l bin mt.	0
Phc v  y rt cng bng.	0
Ti rt thch sushi, nhng ti thy Kabuki c gi qu cao, ngoi hng v di dch v.	0
Hy t cho mnh mt n hu v trnh xa ci a ny ra.	0
Phc v rt t.	0
Khng ai  bn ngh rng thc phm  trn mc trung bnh hoc ng gi m chng ta phi ch i.	0
Dch v v thc phm tt nht t trc n nay, Maria server ca chng ta rt thn thin v thn thin ngy hm nay.	1
Chng rt xut sc.	1
Ti  tr tin nhng khng bo v ti cm thy my ch  lm mt vic kinh khng.	0
Va n tra  y v c mt tri nghim tuyt vi.	1
Ti cha bao gi c mt mn n nh vy lm ti ngc nhin khi xem xt bi bo chng ti c qu nhiu v gia v v hng v ca h.	0
Thc n c gi qu cao v tng phn nh.	0
Gn y ti  th Caballero v ti  tr li mi tun k t !	1
Vi 40  mt ci u, ti thc s mong c n ngon hn.	0
Thc n ra ngoi vi tc  tt.	1
Ti  n   hai ln trong ln gh thm cui cng, v c bit thch mn salad c hi.	1
Ti s khng quay li.	0
Chng ti khng th tin ni nhng con hu bn thu nh th no!	0
Ni ny khng xng ng vi ngi sao.	0
Ti s khng  ngh ni ny.	0
Tht ra, ti s bay ln ti 4 sao, ch v c y qu tuyt vi.	1
Vi nim tin ca ti, mi mn n  iu kin l phin bn t nht ca nhng loi thc phm m ti tng nm.	0
Mt ngy ti t hay khng, ti c kh nng chu ng rt thp i vi nhng ngi phc v khch hng th l,  l cng vic ca anh  t ra lch s v lch s, ra chn bt nu khng!	0
Khoai ty rt ngon v bnh quy.	1
C l ti s khng n y na.	0
Tht ho nhong v c mt lng nhit hon ho.	1
Gi c hp l v dch v l tuyt vi.	1
V cm ght ba n ca b (tm da), v bn b ca chng ti thc s khng thch ba n ca h.	0
Anh bn ca ti c tn l Huevos rancheros v h trng khng hp dn lm.	0
Vo mt gi hnh phc, danh sch cc loi ru vang.	1
C ngi ni b m ny rt t gi nhng ti ngh anh s nhn c nhng g anh tr cho v ni ny rt nhiu!	1
C l ti s khng quay li y na.	0
 n/dch v t hi nht m ti c.	0
Ni ny p trai, d thng trong nh hng.	1
Hy ni v dch v khch hng tuyt vi chng ti s tr li.	1
Cc mn n nng khng nng, cc mn n ngui gn phng. Ti xem nhn vin chun b thc n bng tay khng, khng c gng tay. Mi th u c chin ngp du.	0
Ti thch khoai ty chin v u ca chng.	1
Lun l mt nim vui i ph vi anh ta.	1
H c mt lot cc mn salad v sandwich, v tt c nhng g ti  th c c s chp thun ca ti.	1
Ni ny tht tuyt vi nu bn mun mt ci g  nh v khe mnh trong sut ma h.	1
i vi sushi trn Strip, y l ni  i.	1
Dch v rt tuyt, thm ch ngi qun l n v gip bn ca chng ti.	1
Cm gic ca phng n l cch nu n cao ng hn so vi n ti cao cp v dch v th chm ri trong tt nht.	0
Ti bt u nh gi vi hai ngi sao, nhng ti ang chnh sa n ch  cho n mt.	0
y l mn sushi ngon nht ti tng n ngoi Costco.	0
Tt c trong mt nh hng xut sc c t m bi mt dch v tuyt vi, mt thc n c o, v mt khung cnh p.	1
Bn trai ti v ti ngi  qun bar v c mt tri nghim hon ton th v.	1
Nhng con rn c t ch s hu.	0
Hu nh khng c tht.	0
Ti  c bnh m t ca hng tp ha.	0
Ti ch Gyros i.	1
Ti yu ch s hu/u bp, ngi n ng ch thc Nht Bn ca anh y!	1
By gi bnh hm-b-g khng ngon lm, ci bnh pizza m trc y tht l ngon.	0
Ti tm thy mt si dy di 6 inch trong salsa ca ti.	0
Dch v rt khng khip, thc phm l tm thng.	0
Chng ti s tn hng cuc sng.	1
Ti  gi mn sp Albondigas- ch l mn sp m-v c v nh sp c chua vi tht vin ng lnh.	0
Trong 3 dp khc nhau ti  yu cu c lm tt hay trung bnh, v ba ln ti c ming tht m mu nht trn a ca ti.	0
Ti c hai vt cn v khng chu n na.	0
Dch v ny cc k chm.	0
Sau 20 pht ch i, ti c mt ci bn.	0
Mt tn st nhn nng bng nng bng.	1
Khng c cnh bo d ng no trn thc n, v c hu bn khng c manh mi v nhng ba n  lm hoc khng cha u phng.	0
Bn trai ti  th mn g Salad a Trung Hi v yu nhau.	1
Cc loi bia xoay ca h trn tap cng l im nhn ca ni ny.	1
Gi c l mt cht quan tm  loi nm Mellow.	0
Ting Thi t hi nht.	0
Nu anh  li Vegas, t nht cng phi c ba sng  y.	1
Ti mun ni rng my ch ca chng ta rt tuyt v chng ta c dch v hon ho.	1
Bnh pizza ngon lm.	1
Ti c tr du.	1
Khng chuyn nghip v th l vi mt ngi bo tr trung thnh!	0
Nhn chung, mt tri nghim tuyt vi.	1
B tin ra ch khc i.	0
Bnh m nng thng xuyn ca chng cng tha mn nh nhau vi nhng ming b thng xuyn ... Mmmm ...!	1
Chic Buffet  Bellagio  vt xa nhng g ti d on.	0
V  ung l yu ui, mi ngi!	0
-Lnh ca ti khng ng.	0
Ngoi ra, ti c cm gic nh nhng con chip c mua, khng c ch to trong nh.	0
Sau ba ti ng tht vng, chng ti  i n trng ming.	0
Cc con chip  y tht tuyt vi!!! !!!	1
Chng ta s khng quay v.	0
y l im buffet Vegas mi ca ti.	1
Ti nghim tc khng th tin rng ch s hu c qu nhiu nhn vin thiu kinh nghim m tt c ang chy xung quanh nh nhng con g b ct u.	0
Rt, rt bun.	0
Ti cm thy b xc phm v thiu tn trng, lm sao anh c th ni v phn xt mt con ngi nh vy?	0
Sao anh c th gi mnh l nh hng hi nc nu khng nu n c, ti khng hiu!	0
Ti khng n tng vi khi nim hay thc n.	0
iu duy nht m ti khng qu in r l v ti khng thch n.	0
Khng c g i vi ti  khch, hy vng tri nghim ca anh tt hn.	0
Ti b ng c thc n  ba tic buffet.	0
H mang theo mt m khoai ty chin v ti ngh l c th g  m p nhng khng!	0
Mt ba ti Ging Sinh vui nhn, ngon tuyt  nh li l tht bi ln nht trong chuyn i ca chng ta.	0
Khng cn phi ni, ti s khng v sm u.	0
Ni ny tht kinh tm!	0
Mi ln ti n  y, ti thy vic chm sc tinh thn lm vic  mt mc  chuyn nghip.	1
Phong cch RI calamari l mt tr a.	0
Tuy nhin, c rt nhiu ti trong fondue, n hu nh khng th n c.	0
Ti hu nh khng th chu c ba n, nhng khng phn nn v  l ba tra kinh doanh.	0
N qu t, ti  mt ht tri tim  hon thnh n.	0
N cng khin c y mi mi mang n tm sc cho chng ti khi chng ti yu cu.	0
Chng ta khng phi l ngi to ra mt cnh  nh hng nhng ti ch khng hiu ... chc chn  mt tnh yu sau v ny!	0
Kinh nghim tht vng.	0
Thc n s ngang bng vi Denny, ngha l, khng tt cht no.	0
Nu anh mun thc n tm thng v dch v kinh khng, th y l ni dnh cho anh.	0
Ti ch ang ni v WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy	0
Chng ta s khng quay li.	0
Ni ny kh sch s nhng thc phm n gin l khng xng ng.	0
Ni ny thiu phong cch!	0
Sangria c khong mt na lng ru thy tinh y v l 12  la, l bch.	0
ng bn tm n y.	0
Tht kh kh, ti  n ming bridsket thi lt v ko heo.	0
Ta nh c v kh gn gng; phng tm kh l ngon, nhng ti s khng n  y na.	0
N cng kinh khng nh vy.	0
C l khng vi v quay tr li.	0
Rt chm vi ch ngi ngay c khi t ch.	0
Khng tt bng bt k ai trong tr tng tng.	0
Nc st kem l bland v cc loi rau qu  c nu chn.	0
Tri nui trang tri chipolte l v hn, c v nh mng v nc khng c nhit.	0
N qu ngt, khng  cay, v thiu hng v.	0
Ti rt tht vng!	0
Ni ny rt khng khip v c gi qu t.	0
C th  ch l mn chay ca h, nhng ti  hai ln v ti ngh n l trung bnh.	0
N khng bn cht no v gi chng ta bit ti sao.	0
Cc bn bn ngoi cng lm bn nhiu thi gian v cng nhn khng phi lc no cng thn thin v hu ch vi thc n.	0
Khng kh  y khng ging nh mt ba tic buffet, m l mt khu vn trong nh c bnh rn v bnh quy.	0
Dch v trinh st.	0
Khoai ty chin khng nng, bnh ca ti cng khng.	0
Nhng ri h tr li lnh.	0
Ri thc n ca chng ta ra i, tht vng sau .	0
S tht vng tht s l bi bn.	0
Chng ti ni rng c y rt th l ... thm ch khng xin li v thc n ti t hay bt c th g.	0
L do duy nht  n  y l  lp y trc mt m say ru ch ch  ly vi ming tht trong bng.	0
S lng m, s tn ph su sc, v phi ra ngoi  ht thuc trong khi phc v ch  cng c n.	0
Nu ai  ra lnh cho hai ci bnh taco khng phi l bn ngh n c th l mt phn ca dch v khch hng  hi xem n c phi l combo hay xe y ala khng?	0
C ta kh tht vng, mc d vi li  li cn c t vo cnh ca ca c y.	0
Sau tt c nhng li khen ngi ti khng th ch  n  y ...	0
Del Taco rt kh chu v nn trnh nu c th.	0
Khng kh  lm mt ci hamburger t t u.	0
Nhng ti khng thch n.	0
Khng i no ti quay li.	0
Chng ti  nhn c nhiu dch v tt hn t qun pizza bn cnh hn l nhng dch v m chng ti nhn c t nh hng ny.	0
"Ti khng bit vn   y l g, nhng ti s khng quay li ""yaaai""."	0
Ti ngay lp tc ni ti mun ni chuyn vi ngi qun l nhng ti khng mun ni chuyn vi ngi  bn sng ng sau quy bar.	0
Khng kh khng tt hn nhiu.	0
Tht khng may, n ch lm cho chng ti tht vng vi nhng li cu xin ca chng ti.	0
Thc n khng ngon.	0
My ch ca anh t qu, khoan, sa, my ch ca chng ti b ht.	0
Chuyn xy ra tip theo l ... b ra.	0
Qu t v ti bit  l gia nh, ti thc s mun nh th ny.	0
Gi qu cao cho nhng g anh ang c.	0
Ti  nn trong phng tm gia tra.	0
Ti  nhn vo thi im  v n  nhanh chng tr thnh 35 pht, nhng vn khng c thc n.	0
Ti  n rt t ni  n n trong bt c trng hp no ti s quay tr li, v y l danh sch.	0
Chng ti bt u vi mn sashimi c ng c mu nu v r rng l khng ti.	0
Lng thc di mc trung bnh.	0
Chc chn l s nh bi bn nachos trong phim nhng ti mong i mt cht t mt nh hng.	0
Tt c trong tt c, Ha Long Bay  b tht bi.	0
Vn  ti c l h tnh 11,99  cho mt chic bnh sandwich khng ln hn mt tu ngm ca Tu in ngm (cung cp nhiu rau qu hn).	0
Tm-Khi ti tho n ra (Ti ch sng cch Brushfire 1/2 mt dm), n tht s lnh.	0
N thiu hng v, dng nh cha nu chn, v kh.	0
Tht n tng l ni ny cha ng ca.	0
Ti s trnh ch ny nu anh  li Mirage.	0
Nhng ht u ma n vi ba n ca ti  kh cn v nghin nt v thc n l bland.	0
Dnh tin v thi gian cho vi ni khc.	0
Mt qu c  bn k bn chng ti tm thy mt con su bm sng trong x lch.	0
trnh by ca thc n tht khng khip.	0
Ti khng th ni cho anh bit ti tht vng th no.	0
Ti ngh thc n nn c mi v v kt cu v c hai u thiu.	0
n ngay lp tc.	0
Nhn chung ti khng c n tng v s khng quay tr li.	0
Ton b tri nghim  tht yu, v ti ngh ln sau chng ta s n Ninja Sushi.	0
Sau , nh th ti  khng lng ph thi gian ca cuc i mnh  , h  mui vo vt thng bng cch rt ra thi gian n mang li ngn phiu.	0
Vy l khng c cch no  ti cm n vo y  M tr khi ti i bng my chuyn i.	0
Trng hp tt, gi tr xut sc.	1
Tt cho xng hm.	1
Lin kt vi Charlie cho cc cuc hi thoi ko di hn 45 vn  minutes.MAJOR!!!	0
Mic rt tuyt.	1
Ti phi dng my  sa n  xp thng hng.	0
Nu bn c hng trm hoc vi trm ln lin lc, hy tng tng nim vui khi gi tng ngi mt.	0
Nu anh l Razr ... anh phi c ci ny!	1
Khng cn phi ni, ti  lng ph tin ca mnh.	0
ng l ph tin v thi gian!	0
V cht lng m thanh rt tuyt.	1
ng rt n tng khi t pin ban u n pin m rng.	1
Nu c hai b ct ngang bi ch 5 + ft ti bt u ch  n m thanh tnh qu mc t tai nghe.	0
Cht lng rt tt.	1
"Thit k rt l, v tai ""clip"" khng thoi mi lm."	0
 ngh cp cao cho bt k ai c in thoi rng xanh.	1
TI KHUYN MI NGI NG B LA!	0
Qu Tt!	1
Lm tt lm!	1
N nhp vo ch khin bn thc mc c ch  s ko di bao lu.	0
Ti  ln trang web ca Motorola v theo mi hng, nhng khng th c n li.	0
Ti  mua n  s dng Kindle Fire ca mnh v hon ton thch n!	1
Qung co gy hiu lm nht.	0
Ti vn cha chy b pin mi ny di 2 thanh v  l ba ngy m khng tnh ph.	1
Ti mua cho m ti v b y c vn  vi cc pin.	0
Kt hp Pocket PC/in thoi tuyt vi.	1
Ti  s hu chic in thoi ny 7 thng ri v c th ni  l chic in thoi tt nht m ti c.	1
Ti khng ngh rng nhng ch dn ny gip ch cho ti.	0
Mi ngi nghe ti ni v ti  phi rt tai nghe v ni chuyn in thoi.	0
Khng chu trch nhim.	0
y l mt chic in thoi nh n gin  s dng, nhng s ph v l khng th chp nhn c.	0
Sn phm ny l l tng cho nhng ngi nh ti c tai rt nhy cm.	1
N khng th s dng trong mt chic xe ang di chuyn  tc  cao tc.	0
Ti cn 2 nm na trong hp ng ny v ti ght ci in thoi ny.	0
Sc xe cng nh sc in xoay c bao gm  m bo bn khng bao gi ht nc tri cy.	1
Anh cn t nht 3 pht  ly cun sch in thoi ca mnh ngay t ln u anh bt in thoi.	0
N c gi li rt tt.	1
Trnh Din Thi Gian Ni Chuyn.	0
V n rt tt v hiu qu vi 680.	1
sn phm v dng	0
N c mt ci my nh tuyt vi 2MP, v cc hnh nh rt p v r rng vi cht lng hnh nh tuyt vi.	1
Ti khng b n tng bi sn phm ny.	0
o p cng t y.	1
Ti ch nghe ting  rc cho m thanh.	0
Tai nghe bluetooth tuyt vi.	1
N c tt c cc tnh nng ti mun	1
Ai trong tm tr h s mua li cc pin ny?	0
SAU KHI TRANH CI VI VERIZON LIN QUAN N CC CUC GI RI CHNG TI  TR LI IN THOI SAU HAI NGY.	0
V ny c v hp l y.	1
Tht vng vi pin.	0
Khng  ln v khng bt ln nh n nn.	0
bo v tt v khng lm cho in thoi tr nn cng knh.	1
Mt bn phm c th s dng thc s bin mt PDA thnh mt c my hu ch th gii thc thay v ch l mt thit b gn gng.	1
Chic in thoi ny kh mnh m v ti cha tng c vn  g ln vi n.	1
Ti yu th ny!	1
Mi th v n u n v hp l vi gi c.	1
RT THT VNG.	0
Ti thm ch  b in thoi ny xung sui v n ngp trong 15 giy v n vn hot ng tt!	1
Ti  rt hnh phc vi chic 510 v khng c bt k li phn nn no v cht lng m thanh ca ti khi kt thc.	1
My ci nt trn v tt cng rt t.	0
V c bn bn c th qun h tr cng ngh ca Microsoft.	0
Ti thc s gii thiu tm bin ny t khi n trng rt p, thanh lch v mt m.	1
Nhng chic tai nghe ny l mt tm kim tuyt vi-v ti ngh chng c l l mn hng tt nht m ti  mua trong vi nm qua-nghim tc y.	1
Mua mt chic in thoi khc-nhng khng phi ci ny.	0
Bn phi gi in thoi  mt gc  c bit cho bn kia  nghe bn r rng.	0
Nhc im ln ca my nghe nhc MP3 l cc nt trn ba trc ca in thoi  cho bn tm dng v b qua cc bi ht ra sau vi giy.	0
Mt tun sau khi ti kch hot n, n t nhin cht.	0
N cm thy thoi mi hn hu ht cc tai nghe v ti eo knh v i khi n c th cn tr.	1
Cng rt tt cho iPads na.	1
Thit b ny tuyt vi trong mt s tnh hung: 1.)	1
Mic khng hot ng.	0
Ngay c trong dng BMW 3 ca ti kh yn tnh, ti gp kh khn khi nghe ngi kia ang ni g.	0
La chn tuyt vi!	1
Nh ga tt cho nh hoc lm vic.	1
y l mt chic in thoi p.	1
Yu sn phm ny.	1
Do Not Buy cho D807...qung co sai tri cho D807.	0
y l mt mn  nh tuyt vi.	1
Ti thch chic in thoi ny, n rt tin dng v c rt nhiu tnh nng.	1
Ti  mua n v trong vng 2 ngy n khng cn lm vic na! !!!	0
Ti mc n mi ngy v n vn rt tt.	1
Khng phi l mt mn hi.	0
c ng gi tt, n ng thi gian, v lm vic nh d nh.	1
Ht pin ri.	0
Mn  ny hot ng rt tt, nhng n  v sau 6 thng s dng.	0
Cc tai nghe rt d s dng v mi ngi u thch chng.	1
in thoi ny hot ng tt.	1
Vic xy dng cc headset l km.	0
Sn phm xut sc v hot ng tt hn verzon 1 v Boy gi r hn!	1
Ci in thoi ny s rt tuyt!	1
i vi mt sn phm m chi ph cng nhiu nh ci ny, ti mong n s tt hn v thoi mi hn th ny.	0
Rt mnh m.	1
Lm tt lm!	1
Tai tai ch chi nhc trong mt tai.	0
ng ph tin ...	0
Ta s gi li cho h!	1
Nu anh nh dng ci ny trong xe th qun chuyn  i.	0
Ti thy sn phm ny qu ln.	0
Tt nht l ti  tm thy ... Ti  th 2 im xanh khc v ci ny c cht lng tt nht (cho c ti v ngi nghe) cng nh d s dng.	1
Ti rt tht vng vi quyt nh ca mnh.	0
c tch hp lin mch vi in thoi Motorola RAZR.	1
Ngi mua cn thn, anh c th di tin vo toilet.	0
Chc chn l mt mn hi	1
Gi bn rt tt v vi vn chuyn min ph v tt c u l mua hng tt.	1
Ti  nhn c mt chic xe my mi 375 v r rng l khng c mt trn u no gia in thoi v chic sc.	0
Pros: My nh p-rt p, cng c phong cch mt m nh en v trng, v nhiu hn na.	1
 l mt li thit k rt ln (tr khi ti khng s dng n mt cch chnh xc, m ti khng ngh l n).	0
Ti thch chic m 350 ca ti. Tai nghe bluetooth Jabr350 ca ti rt tuyt, s tip nhn rt tt v tai nghe c v thoi mi.	1
My nh, mc d c nh gi  mc 1.3 megapixel n tng, to ra nhng hnh nh thu c thp hn so vi  phn gii tng i cao nh vy.	0
Ti dn ci ny cho chic xe sc v n khng hot ng.	0
Cht lng m thanh  c hai u rt tuyt, ti s dng tai nghe  gi cho v ti v hi v ti s dng tai nghe  gi ti! 2.	1
Chic in thoi ny mng v nh v mn hnh rt p.	1
N hi gh rn nhng ti ngh n s lm tnh vi bnh m nng v n  v kch thch gii tnh ngay xung h s  da ca n.	1
Sn phm tuyt vi, vn chuyn nhanh!	1
Tuyt vi.	1
Bn phm l s tha hip tt gia bn phm QWERTY y  v bn phm s in thoi di ng c bn.	1
Ti c in thoi ny vo cui thng 5 v ti hon ton khng hi lng vi n.	0
N rt thoi mi trn tai.	1
 l mt ngi chin thng cho chng ta.	1
) Ci t khng th n gin hn.	1
Ti  th vi ming tai nghe cho chic in thoi ca ti v tn Jabra ny l ci u tin ti tm thy ph hp vi tai ti.	1
Khng th bt c tn hiu  mnh.	0
Ti rt hi lng vi vic mua hng ca ti.	1
Cht lng km.	0
Lm xong vic.	1
m thanh tuyt vi!	1
V c bn, dch v ny rt t.	0
N khng c tc dng trong in thoi di ng ca ti, ti ang lm vic vi b sc.	0
Ti ch c mt cht bluetooth trong vi tun, nhng ti thc s thch n.	1
BT  b mt tch.	0
N qu nh v anh thm ch khng nhn ra rng n   sau mt thi gian  quen vi n.	1
Phn mm i km gn nh tuyt vi.	1
Headset hot ng tt & c ng gi gn gng  trnh bt k thit hi no.	1
!Ti khng bit phi lm g!	1
Ngi Mua -- Hy Cn Thn!	0
Phn ln cc tai nghe ca Logitech earbud b li.	0
Rt tt cho ci gi.	1
Ci u ca ti lm vic rt tt.	1
Trong nh ti ti b th xung tng trn v khng c sng trn tng hm nh ti.	0
Nhn din ging ni tht tuyt vi!	1
Tht lng ph.	0
Trong mt vi cuc gi khc nhau 2 pht, ti  tri qua 5 git v n  trong mt khu vc c 5 qun bar.	0
Ti khng hi lng vi mn  ny.	0
rt tht vng.	0
in thoi mt mi mi 2 n 5 ting ng h.	0
Ti c in thoi ny bng khen t mt ngi h hng v ti rt vui v  lm th.	1
ng l ph thi gian!	0
S n nhn ca n rt ngho nn.	0
Cc mc c nu l bao gm t  m t khng c bao gm.	0
Sau 3 thng, mn hnh bng nhin en bt ng.	0
Ti  Hy Vng Nhiu Hn.	0
Cht lng m thanh km, rt km.	0
Ti hon ton khng c vn  g vi ci headset ny vi 8530 Blackberry Curve ca ti!	1
Ti bit nghe c v bun ci, nhng i vi ti n c v nh cng ngh phc tho m s khng hot ng tt.	1
Ti  mua mt ci tai nghe dy $5 m m thanh tt hn nhng th ny.	0
in thoi ny rt nhanh khi gi bt k loi tin nhn v duyt web no nhanh hn ng k so vi nhng chic in thoi trc y.	1
Cht lng tt, khng ging nh my ci r tin ngoi kia.	1
Mn  ny tht tuyt vi v hot ng hon ho!	1
V ti ch thch mu sc!	1
W810i ch l SUPERB.	1
Tt c nhng g ti c th lm l rn r trn mng, nn n y. Ti cng s dng th t ti thch hn.	0
Charger tuyt vi.	1
y l mt cng c lin lc khng giao tip.	0
N hot ng nh mt ci ba, n hot ng ging nh ci ti c trong in thoi.	1
Ti vn duy tr nhng con kh khng nn lm tai nghe, chng ta r rng khng c  DNA  sao chp thit k cho con ngi.	0
Gi Tr Ln.	1
Khng c tc dng g c. Ti mua n cho chic L7c ca ti v n khng hot ng.	0
Ci nhn ca n rt sc nt v mn hnh rt p v r rng, vi  ha tuyt vi.	1
Khng lu na u.	0
Mt iu ti ght l ci nt set  bn cnh.	0
Dch v xut sc!!!!	1
Cm n v  lng ph tin ca ti.	0
Sao li th c?Cht lng m thanh rt km.	0
Nhng li khuyn v mo vt thc s rt tuyt.	1
Trnh duyt tp tin cung cp tt c cc ty chn m ngi ta cn. Handsfree l tuyt vi.	1
Siu in thoi trn mng Great Network.	1
Ti  kt ni vi bluetooth ca v ti, (Motorola HS850) vo in thoi ca ti v n lm vic nh mt s quyn r cho d chic in thoi c trong ti ti hay trng hp ny.	1
Ti t h iu hnh mi nht trn n (v1.15g), v by gi n thch i chm li v kha li tng ln mt thi gian.	0
N ch nhn ra in thoi l thit b lu tr ca n.	0
Nu bn mun mt ting vo ve ln  ghi  tt c cc cuc ni chuyn ca bn, th in thoi ny l dnh cho bn!	0
ng mua sn phm ny.	0
Ti  c ci u bluetooth ny mt thi gian ri m vn khng thoi mi vi ci cch n va vi tai.	0
Cht lng m thanh l tt v chc nng rt tuyt vi.	1
Ti c ci in thoi ny v n l mt ci gai  bn cnh ti, ti tht gh gm.	0
Gn y ti c nhng vn  m ti khng th lin lc c hn 10 pht trc khi b ngt kt ni.	0
Khng th tin c!	1
L hng thit k?	0
in thoi tuyt vi!	1
Ph 13 .	0
Nhng khi ti kim tra hp th thoi vo ban m, nh sng ca bn phm tt vi giy thnh tin nhn u tin, v ri ti b lc.	0
Ngi thay th  cht trong vi tun.	0
C ting chung no ...Ni chung l in thoi  mua.	1
Gn y h cc k t t v c ch trn in thoi.	1
Ti  gp vn  khi d tn hiu xung v hn th na.	0
Khng n tng.	0
Trng lng nh, ti hu nh khng nhn ra n  .	1
Anh s thch n mng nh th no.	1
La Chn Khng T.	0
Trng hp cu xin khng ph hp.	0
in thoi v dng, ch b ic.	0
Mu sc thm ch cn p hn ti ngh, v  ha cc k sc nt.	1
Tt c nhng g ti ngh  l mt khon u t tt.	1
N to ra nhng ting n rt l trc khi n kt thc cuc gi.	0
Cc thit b in t tt nht ca cc my pht FM c sn.	1
Pin ch ko di vi gi.	0
tai nghe tuyt vi, rt n tng-H500.	1
"My nh pixel ""1.2"" Mega pixel, l mt phn ca in thoi, c l l hp l."	1
Ti  gi n gn 2 nm v n  lm vic rt tt cho ti.	1
Tn hiu m thanh tt.	1
Chng ta s gi tr li.	0
Ti  khng lin lc vi cng ty vi gi vi  la nhng ti  hc c bi hc m l ra ti khng nn mua ci ny trn mng.	0
Nu anh ght l su b, hy trnh xa ci in thoi ny bng mi cch.	0
Cng gi c!	1
Phm vi rt tt, ti c th i lang thang quanh nh vi in thoi trong phng khch khng c vn  tip nhn/cht lng m thanh.	1
dch v nhanh.	1
Ti rt mun  ngh iu ny.	1
Ti s  ngh iu ny.	1
"Ti cng khng thch ci nt ""trn"", n c cm gic nh n c th b v khi s dng."	0
IN THOI T NHT.	0
Ti vn say m ci in thoi ny.	1
im ng bng thng xuyn xy ra.	0
N kh l xu h khi s dng bi v n trng nh th no v hu nh n l xu h khi tr con-ging nh cng ty.	0
n gin, gn nh v ph hp.	1
Trong tt c, ti mong i mt tri nghim tt hn ca ngi tiu dng t Motorola.	0
C mt m thanh ng s trong nn tng ca tt c nhng cuc gi ca ti m ti cha tng tri qua.	0
Nhng th ny chc chn l rt thoi mi v chc nng rt tt.	1
Ti thng khng thch bng tn nhng ci ny rt nh v khng lm hng tc ca ti.	1
Ti hi tht vng.	0
Ti  c chic in thoi ny hn mt nm ri, v ti s ni vi bn, n khng tuyt vi nh vy.	0
Ti t mua chic ny cho chic in thoi c sony Ericsson W810i nhng ti ngh n ch hot ng mt ln (ln u tin khi ti s dng n).	0
Pin hon ton v dng i vi ti.	0
ng l ph thi gian.	0
ng ph thi gian vo ci ny.	0
m thanh v dch v tuyt vi.	1
Rt hi lng vi sn phm ny.	1
Mt trong nhng mn hng a thch ca ti.	1
Bluetooth tt nht trn th trng.	1
 da tht p v d chu. Ti  ngh anh v ny!	1
Ti  rt ho hng  c c ci tai nghe ny bi v ti ngh n thc s d thng.	1
ng phm sai lm nh ti.	0
S tht vng ln vi ng b lch.	0
in thoi khng th s dng c v khng mi.	0
Dch V Khch Hng Ti T Nht.	0
Khng c gel tai thm cung cp, v khng c hng dn g c.	0
N nh bi mc ch ca tai nghe bluetooth.	0
ng gi tng xu.	1
Mt chic v in thoi xut sc.	1
Tai nghe p cho ci gi v chng hot ng tt!	1
Internet chm qu.	0
N rt thoi mi khi mc nh vy, c l l kha cnh quan trng nht v vic s dng mt trng hp.	1
N ging nh mt chic gng tay v mnh m, vng chc v bn.	1
Ci in thoi p nht m ti tng c.	1
N rt hp dn v xut hin vi cht lng tt.	1
Ti yu tt c cc tnh nng v yu t hnh thnh.	1
Sn phm ny c mi cao su/du m khng th chu c sau mt thi gian v khin ti phi tr li.	0
cht lng v dch v km.	0
Si cp trng mng v mng manh, tht ng s.	0
Tai To Lm.	1
Mt i bn tay tuyt vi.	1
Tuyt vi khi s dng vi m thanh ni ca cu.	1
Sn phm tt-gi tr tuyt vi.	1
Ch mi c mt thng nhng n  c tc dng rt hon ho cho n gi.	1
Lm tt lm.	1
 ph thi.	0
Ci  cng khng hot ng.	0
Thi lng pin rt tt.	1
Quay li 8 ting sau.	0
 l mt mn  tuyt vi.	1
ng ph tin!	0
Thch ci tai nghe ny!	1
N khng ch ht sch cu th ca anh, m cn c kh nng chin n na.	0
Lm vic hon ho!	1
Khng ng tin cy, ti b cuc.	0
Ti cho n 5 sao v cht lng m thanh.	1
Hy trnh ci ny nu bn c th.	0
Sc c th o ngc tuyt vi.	1
Ti  lng ph tin bc ca ti vi ci tai nghe ny.	0
in thoi rt tt.	1
Tt nht l tnh nng xoay, rt hu ch.	1
An i cho c gia nh chng ta.	1
Sn phm tt, ngi bn gii.	1
Ti thch ci bluetooth ny!	1
Trc ht, n khng c mu.	0
Ti rt n tng vi chic tai nghe t Plantronics.	1
Ti hiu v n qu nh v ng yu.	1
in thoi tuyt vi!	1
Ti khng  ngh mua sn phm ny.	0
Mt phn ca Junk.	0
Bn l km qu.	0
Mn  ny tuyt vi, lp t n,  n tnh ton phi chnh ph v n hot ng tt mi khi khng c vn  g.	1
in Thoi Tuyt.	1
ng mua.	0
in Thoi Tuyt.	1
NG MUA CI IN THOI NY.	0
Vic nhn dng ging ni  l tuyt vi.	1
y l in thoi tt nht m ti tng c.	1
Tht tuyt, khi con mo ca ti tn cng chic in thoi, hn  co di bo v thay v ph hy mn hnh.	1
Ci ny lm vic v c nh gi ng.	1
Dch v khch hng tht kinh khng.	0
Tui th pin vn cha  lu trong Motorola Razor V3i.	0
Gi tr li.	0
By gi ti bit rng ti  a ra mt quyt nh khn ngoan.	1
Ai  nn ngh ra chuyn ny sm hn.	1
Gi tt y.	1
Mi th u hiu qu trong ln th u tin.Thit b chc chn c thit k theo mt cch thng minh v vic xy dng cm thy tt.	1
Ti  nhn n mt cch nhanh chng v n hot ng tt!	1
 lm vic rt tt.	1
Khi nhiu ngi phn nn, ti tm thy ci micro ca tai nghe ny rt yu.	0
Chic Nokia 2160 c 5 tui t Tracfone gi cho in tch tt hn rt nhiu.	0
H khng quan tm n ngi tiu dng cht no.	0
y l mt khu pin tt, v n n tht nhanh.	1
Sch hng dn ang thiu.	0
Cng  mng  lp vo trm bo ng ca ti m khng cn loi b v n.	1
in thoi hin ang nm quyn nh n  lm khi n mi.	1
Pin khng ng tin cy cng nh dch v s dng antena.	0
Cm thy khng thoi mi v cht lng m thanh kh km so vi in thoi (Razr) hoc vi tai nghe in trc  ca ti (cm vo LG).	0
Chng ti c rt nhiu li khen.	1
iu ny chc chn phi c nu trng thi ca bn khng cho php s dng in thoi di ng trong khi li xe.	1
Ti mun ly li tin.	0
Ti yu thit b ny.	1
Ti cng rt hi lng vi ci gi.	1
Ti ra lnh cho sn phm ny trc v khng hi lng vi n ngay lp tc.	0
Ngage vn cn thiu cc tai nghe.	0
Ti c th gi in thoi trong xe m khng c vn  g.	1
Ti c 2-3 thanh trn in thoi khi ti  nh, nhng c khng nghe thy g ht.	0
 ngon, gi thp.	1
Tuy nhin, ging riingtones khng phi l tt nht, v cng khng phi tr chi.	0
Ci phch cm khng hot ng tt lm.	0
RNG AMAZON T HI.	0
Rip off ---- Over charge shipping.	0
RT THOI MI.	1
Pin ang hot ng tt nh mt s thay th cho bn gc i km vi in thoi hn 2 nm trc.	1
Tic chiu i rt xut sc!	1
N ph hp vi mt trong hai tai, m thanh r rng v n o, v in tch ko di mt vi ngy.	1
Rt r rng, cht lng m thanh v bn khng cn phi gy ri vi m thanh trn iPod ca bn k t khi bn c nhng nt bm m thanh trn tai nghe.	1
1. Pin lu di (bn khng cn phi sc li n nh thng xuyn nh mt s in thoi lt ngc) 2.	0
R rng c vn  v cht kt dnh.	0
Rt tht vng.	0
 l mt tc phm r tin, nhng ti vn mong i cht lng tt hn.	0
N thc t l v dng v khng thm bt k s thc y no cho s n nhn ca ti sau khi ti mua n.	0
Cht lng tt y.	1
Khng vui cht no.	0
MT MNH RC V SAU KHI NM TRN IN THOI CA TI TRONG 2 NGY !!!	0
Pin mi hot ng tt trong in thoi.	1
Dch v khch hng t nht	0
Ti  lm ri in thoi nhiu ln hn c th ni, thm ch bng b tng v in thoi ca ti vn cn tuyt vi (g ca g!).	1
Tic chiu i tht kinh khng v y tnh tm.	0
Cht lng m thanh tt.	1
Thit b nh ny  thay i kh nng t chc ca ti v lm cho cuc sng ca ti tr nn d dng hn.	1
Ti ang ngi trong xe, vi ci ni trn tht lng ca ti, v chic headset mt tn hiu.	0
in thoi l JERKS.	0
Lm vic nh mt s quyn r. Lm vic nh qung co.	1
Thoi Mi, Tm Xa, Khu i Tt.	1
Mng li ca h  Los Angeles tht kinh khng.	0
B khi ng khng dy xut sc.	0
La chn m loa l tuyt vi, nhng ci gp ghnh vi nh sng rt ... hp dn.	0
iu duy nht ti ngh c th ci thin l m thanh b r r ra khi tai nghe.	0
Trc ht l tic chiu i, ti cha bao gi c hn 2 bar.	0
in thoi nng qu!	0
Micr cng hot ng tt, nhng (theo nhng ngi ti  gi) n lm thay i mi th.	1
Thit k p v cht lng.	1
Ngoi ra, nu in thoi ca bn b b, trng hp ny s khng tit kim c, c bit l khi ri xung mt xung.	0
N l nh sng, d s dng, v c s tip nhn v truyn rt r rng.	1
T lm.	0
N chc chn khng tt bng S11 ca ti.	1
Thit b tuyt	1
Ph tin.	0
Ti  ra lnh cp thng tin, c mt sn phm hon thin v lm vic rt tt.	1
Yu Ci in Thoi Ny.	1
Ti ang tm ci headset ny mt thi gian di v by gi ti  c n ti khng th no hnh phc hn.	1
Ti s i ngang qua, v tai nghe bt u reo v khng c l do.	0
Mn hnh xut sc v camera cng tt nh bt k t nm no.	1
Pin cng rt tuyt!	1
Ci in thoi t nht ti tng c ... Ch c n trong vi thng.	0
Khng phi l mt mn  ngon. N hot ng mt thi gian sau  bt u c vn  trong my quay phim ngc t ng ca ti.	0
Vic ny tht l au n v tai ti au khi ti c y l tai vo tai ti.	0
Bo v in thoi  tt c cc bn.	1
y l mt chic in thoi RT trung bnh vi cuc sng pin km hot ng trn mt mng li yu.	0
Clear Skype Calls, Cuc Sng Pin Long, Tm Xa.	1
Cng ngh Soyo t hi.	0
Mt Thit B T Do.	1
bn thm ch c th t chp chn dung vi mn hnh bn ngoi (bn ngoi), rt tuyt.	1
Cng vn  nh nhng ngi khc   cp.	0
Sau khi th nhiu thit b rnh tay, y chnh l ci m cui cng hot ng tt.	1
Php Thut Tr Gip.	1
Th rc thi ti t nht tng c phc v bi khch hng Verizon.	0
Cht lng m thanh km.	0
in thoi tt nht trn th trng:).	1
N hot ng rt tt.	1
Cng ty vn chuyn sn phm ca ti rt nhanh chng v hot ng tt.	1
Chnh xc nhng g ti mun.	1
 phn gii hnh nh nm su hn rt nhiu so vi nhng chic in thoi gi r khc ang c cung cp ngy nay.	0
y l mt tha thun tuyt vi.	1
Sn phm xut sc, ti rt hi lng vi vic mua hng.	1
Ti  ngh nhng th ny v khuyn khch mi ngi cho h th.	1
Tt hn l anh mong i.	1
S dng tt c cc tai nghe, tri hay phi, th ny s khng  trn tai ti.	0
Sn phm v gi c tuyt vi.	1
Nghe c gi hp l v hiu qu, n n gin!	1
Vn ang i ... Ti chc rng mn  ny s hot ng tt ... nu ti c nhn li n!	0
Tht l ng	0
Rt dch v.	1
Sn phm xut sc v gi c.	1
Rt hi lng vi chic tai nghe ny.	1
ng ph tin v thi gian.	0
Ti c bit thch cuc sng pin di.	1
Tht ngu ngc khi phi tip tc mua nhng b sc mi, xe sc, cu , tai nghe v b dng c xe hi mi khi mt in thoi mi xut hin.	0
Lm tt lm.	1
Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	1
Ti n t nh mng Verizon bi v cingulair c in thoi di ng tt hn ... iu u tin ti nhn thy l dch v rt t.	0
Ti s tm mt ci tai nghe mi.	0
Ti gii thiu thit b ny cho mi ngi!	1
-K nguyn Jawbone cng tuyt vi!	1
Chng ti  nhn c mt cc pin WHITE  cht sau mt vi hoursTHe c s dng  ko di mt tun-nhng vn ko di hn v tr ny.	0
Sau mt nm, pin hng hon ton trn u ti.	0
Ti  s dng vi chic in thoi trong 2 nm, nhng ci ny l tt nht.	1
Mt Ci Nhn Mi Tuyt Vn Cho Ma Thu Nm 2000!.	1
y l chic in thoi u tin m ti c vi gi r.	0
Att khng r rng, m thanh rt mo m v bn phi ht ln khi ni chuyn.	0
Ci kp nha s d dng hn trong on clip ny.	0
Gi cng tt.	1
ng phm sai lm nh ti.	0
Oh v ti qun khng  cp n hiu ng mu l m n c trn in thoi ca bn.	0
Ti ang dng n vi mt con sng SPINN (vi trng hp) v n ph hp.	1
V khu vc ni n v ca ti b ph v.	0
Ni chung, ti rt vui khi c mt chic in thoi c tt c cc cuc hn v lin lc trong  v nhn c s n nhn tuyt vi.	1
Mi th trn in thoi u hon ho, c y thch n.	1
Mt lu  khc v s xut hin ca in thoi ny l n thc s trng kh nht, c bit l trong tt c cc m hnh mu en.	0
RT D DNG.	1
Sanyo ca ti  sng st qua hng chc git trn mt en m khng b bnh.	1
Tai nghe tuyt vi.	1
N tm thy in thoi ca ti ngay khi vo xe.	1
Cht lng thp.	0
Ti gii thiu loi in thoi c gi khim tn ny.	1
Nhng n c th tip nhn tt hn v r rng hn bt c in thoi no ti tng c.	1
Cnh bo-Trnh xa ra.	0
c g ti c th tr li n v v ly li s tin ca ti.	0
Awsome Device Works Great (bng ting Anh).	1
Ti thng ni chuyn trong 1-1 gi ri v pin s cn kit v cht dn.	0
Nu bn khng tm thy n, qu t, nh mt ln na, n v ch i km vi mt tai nghe.Ti s khng  ngh chuyn ny vi bt c ai.	0
Rt Khng Hi Lng.	0
Ti c th c mt khim khuyt, nhng ti s khng mo him mua li v cht lng xy dng mt mnh.	0
H lm cho trng hp ny qu nh v rt kh  ci t.	0
Khi phc in thoi ca ti nh th hin mi.	1
Ti khuyn bn nn mua series Jabra JX-10 series 2 c tc dng hon ho vi Moto Q ca ti.	1
Ti  tm kim trn Internet, v thy n l gi tr tt nht.	1
Khng va u.	0
Rt hnh phc vi sn phm ny.	1
Kch thc mn hnh l ln, phm cha kha c thp sng  tt, v cht lng my nh rt tuyt vi cho mt chic in thoi chp nh.	1
Khng c g ti t ti c th ni v tai nghe ny.	0
Ti rt vui khi thy sn phm ny trn thc t rt kh tm, n khng c gi cao.	1
Cm tay v n hot ng.	1
ng nghip ca ti v ti by gi  c c mt s tip nhn tuyt vi. Mt cht tn km, nhng hiu sut rt tuyt.	1
Ti  sc y  trc khi i ng v tt ci rng xanh v wifi v nhn thy n ch cn 20% vo bui sng.	0
Ti cng c vn  vi in thoi c th nh trong  ti lun bt n ln ri tt ln na.	0
Khng tt khi i m hay eo knh rm.	0
L hng kp thi v cht lng.	1
Bn phm tt y.	1
Rt tt v ph hp vi Surefire GX2 ca ti mt cch hon ho.	1
in thoi khng khip.	0
Pin BT50!	0
Chng ti s gii thiu cho nhng ngi khc.	1
Cant s ly phn mm lm vic vi my tnh ca ti.	0
Tht vng!	0
Ging ni rt km.	0
Ht pin ri!	1
Khng c ngi mua hi hn trong v ny!	0
Rt tht vng  AccessoryOne.	0
Ti thy iu ny khng th tha th c v c l s c th tr li in thoi ny v c l s thay i nh mng.	0
"Trng rt tuyt v mnh m. """	1
Ti  c dch v TMobile 2 hoc 3 nm nay, v ti kh hi lng vi n.	1
Quy trnh cp nht rt kh khn v cng knh.	0
Tht vng ... Ti ght bt c th g vo tai ti.	0
Phn mm tuyt vi cho Motorolas.	1
Giao hng ng gi.	1
Rt d s dng.	1
Khng thoi mi trong Ear, Don't use cng vi LG VX9900 (EnV).	0
m lng ny  tng vt t n v n mt im n khng r.	0
N gi mt in tch trong mt thi gian di, kh thoi mi trong iu kin mc lu di v cht lng m thanh rt to ln.	1
Ti mun tr li n.	0
Bn phm tht s ng gi v tnh hu dng v  mnh m, ti khng mong i bt k vn  no.	1
Tuy nhin, cc d lut ca Verizon rt kh hiu mc d cc k hoch nh gi ca h rt n gin.	0
Sau khi sc xong, cc cc pin ny hot ng tt.	1
Anh s khng hi tic u!	1
Ti thch ci in thoi ny!	1
Mt S Tht Vng.	0
Khng phi ngi dng thn thin.	0
Tht khng may, kh nng thc s bit bn ang nhn c cuc gi l mt tnh nng kh quan trng v chic in thoi ny ng thng trong s tn trng .	0
Ri ti trao i cho cng mt chic in thoi, thm ch c vn  tng t.	0
Kt qu ny trong in thoi b kt  th tch ti a hoc cm.	0
y l nhng tng  PDA.	1
N c tch hp  s dng nh l mt nh my in thoi/in thoi lai ghp nh/in thoi di ng, v xut sc trong cc vai tr .	1
Ti chc chn s  ngh Jabra BT250v cho nhng ai ang tm kim s thoi mi, r rng v gi c tuyt vi!	1
Ti  c Verizon 2 nm trc v thc s thch dch v ca h.	1
Kh l v vn.	0
Cm nt khng ng kch c.	0
Lm vic nh m t.	1
Hy tit kim tin ... Ti  c mn  ny 11 thng ri.	0
Mua T.	0
RT HI LNG.	1
Ting n ca ting n l tuyt vi, iu ny rt quan trng i vi mt ngi i li ca NYC.	1
Cc pin ny l mt mn hi!	1
Ci th v vn.	0
Ti s khng cho ngi sao nu ti c th.	0
Ti eo knh v n hp vi h.	1
Cht lng m thanh cho thit b l khng th chp nhn c. Tr khi bn ang  trong mt khu vc yn tnh, bn gn nh khng nghe thy g.	0
Ti s khng  ngh mn  ny cho bt c ai.	0
Thng cha khng khp vi bc nh trong qung co.	0
Tuyt ... khng c vn  g c!	1
Nh mt nh gi sm hn ghi nhn, cm vo ci sc ny v khng c g xy ra.	0
Nt quyn r ca con ch ny rt ng yu v mt rt d bt mt.	1
Bn khng bao gi bit nu bn y n  mnh hay ng s ln cho chc nng bn mun hay khng.	0
m thanh rt r rng v nhng ngi ti ni chuyn cng rt ngc nhin v cht lng.	1
Ti c v nhm cho Palm VX mi v n hot ng rt tt ... n  bo v thit b cm tay ca ti mt cch hon ho cho n gi.	1
sn phm rt tt, rt tt.	1
Cng c in thoi di ng l mt th phi c.	1
Ti rt n tng vi cng vic m Motorola  lm vi sc mnh ca chic in thoi ny.	1
Ti  nhn c lnh ca mnh trong khung thi gian vn chuyn, mi th u c trt t lm vic tt v tng th, ti rt ho hng  c c ngun tin ny.	1
in thoi chc chn v khng thm nc.	1
Ti khng n tng vi iu ny v ti s khng  ngh mn  ny cho bt c ai.	0
n khiu ni duy nht ca ti l m lng m thanh tiu chun hi thp ngay c khi bt ln n 5 (5)	0
Xin cm n Amazon v  c nhng th ti cn cho mt ci gi tt!	1
Thay vo  ti trt n trn mp qun hay ti qun.	1
Ti  phi i mua mt ca hng v mua mt chic in thoi mi ca NOKIA ang hot ng tt.	1
Lm tt lm!	1
XU QU.	0
Khng khip, phi i 3 ln.	0
Ci khin nhiu rt ng kinh ngc.	1
Khng c tin trin g.	0
Razr Battery-Mua tt.	1
Tip tc lm vic i, Amazon!	1
H t chi hon tin hoc thay th.	0
Tht khng may, vic v tnh v tnh kch hot chng bng cc nt cm ng nh nhng nu bn v tnh chm vo in thoi vo mt khi ang lng nghe.	0
V vy, c bn l ti nm tin ra ngoi ca s v ch.	0
Trng hp tuyt vi v gi c!	1
Tt c ch cn 1 git t khong cch 6 inch bn trn quy bp v n  b ph hy. Ti khng c n tng v ti khng ci.	0
Tm hot ng ca Bluetooth l tt-vi ngy trc ti  in thoi ca ti trong cp xe, nhn mt cuc gi, v thc hin cuc tr chuyn m khng b nga.	1
Nh, p, nhn rt n tng, thit lp thc t vi s lu tr di do  ch.	1
Cc argel truyn m thanh trc tip vo tai ca bn v dng nh lm tng m lng m thanh v s r rng.	1
Khng ai trong s nhng ngi mi lm vic ng n.	0
Ti mng v  mua n.	1
Ti  b l nhiu cuc gi v l do ny.	0
C l in thoi ca ti b khim khuyt, nhng mi ngi khng th nghe ti khi ti dng ci ny.	0
ng mua sn phm ny.	0
T qu, hu ht mi th khng lm bng in thoi ca ti.	0
Khng dch chuyn, khng si bt, khng gt v, thm ch khng mt vt xc, khng g c!Ti khng th no hnh phc hn vi ngi mi ca mnh.	1
Phn mm t nht tng c dng ... Nu ti c th a cho nhng ngi sao s 0 ny.	0
C gng gi y l mt bi tp trong s tht vng.	0
Trng hp ny l mt mnh nha mng v khng c mt trc hoc bn bo v bn no.	0
Ti s hu mt chic Jabra Earset v rt hnh phc vi n, nhng cht lng m thanh, c bit l i, trn ci ny tt hn.	1
Ti thch ci my quay, cht lng rt tt.	1
Cm n v s phc v tuyt vi ny.	1
Hon ton l mt gi hng.	1
Ngi bn rt hiu v kin nhn, ti chc chn s mua t h mt ln na.	1
Ti cho Wirefly 1 star.I s lin h Cingular/AT & T; v thng bo cho h v thc hnh ny.	0
N ang trm trng hn!	0
Sn phm tuyt vi cho ci gi!	1
Ti  mua nhng th ny cho c gia nh v bn b, v tt c thng thc s r rng v d s dng ca h.	1
My tng  khng dy v ci in thoi r tin ny!	1
Khng c tc dng g ht, ch cn ng mua n.	0
m thanh bn, cht lng thp, v v bc xung quanh dy dn b dnh cht v trt.	0
Lm n ng ph tin.	0
Ti hon ton hi lng vi v mua bn ny.	1
Nu anh ang tm mt chic Motorola Headset cht lng tt th khng phi u.	0
Tuy nhin Plantronincs tip tc s dng cng mt thit k charger thiu st.	0
Kt qu g ri.	0
Thit k cng knh.	0
Tht tuyt l n c ng gi tt p, khng c vn  g v n n trong thi gian t hn sau  ti mong i! !!!	1
Sn Phm Ln.	1
 l mt th v vn!	0
Kinh nghim ca ti tht kinh khng ... y l tai nghe bluetooth th t ca ti, v trong khi n cn thoi mi hn Jabra cui cng ca ti (m ti ght !!!	0
iu ny khc phc mi vn .	1
T nht.	0
Ti rt hnh phc	1
Ti khng gp kh khn khi truy cp Internet, ti nhc chung hay thc hin bt k chc nng no.	1
"Ti khng bao gi nghe thy v lin tc ni ""ci g?"""	0
Cuc sng ca pin rt khng th chp nhn c.	0
Cng ty  l mt tr a.	0
N lm tt c nhng g c m t u ni.	1
V chuyn ny xy ra trong mi cuc gi, ti buc phi ngng s dng ci headset ny.	0
N hot ng tt vi mt b sc  t, c bit nu bn khng th cm vo hai b iu chnh cng mt lc.	1
H tr cng ngh ca Verizon i qua vi th tc, khng ai lm vic v ti phi lm li mt ln na, xa ht d liu ca ti.	0
Cht Lng Ging Ni, Sc Mnh Tn Hiu, Cuc Gi Ri.	0
N chi ln hn bt k ngi ni khc v kch thc ny; gi qu thp n ni hu ht s ngh cht lng l thiu, tuy nhin, khng phi.	1
Tt hn d kin.	1
N cm thy c xy dng km, thc n rt kh khn  iu hng, v cc nt c khai thc rt kh  thc y chng.	0
Ht pin ri.	1
Ti khuyn anh nn trnh xa sn phm ny.	0
Ti ch dng n hai ngy, v n khng phi lc no cng d nghe.	0
Ti ly c chic xe sc v thm ch khng phi sau mt tun n b hng ...Ti  cm n vo v n bt u ht thuc.	0
Chy nc rt-dch v khch hng khng khip.	0
Lin kt in thoi ca ti m khng cn n lc	1
Tht tuyt!	1
D s dng.	1
Tt Hn C Mi.	1
Ci g s hu ti  ly ci th rc ri ny, ti khng h bit ...	0
Rc ri.	0
Mt sn phm kh tt.	1
y l mt chic in thoi tuyt vi!	1
Vi gi trn Amazon, n l mt sn phm tuyt vi, m ti  ngh rt cao.	1
B phn Nghin cu v Pht trin ca h r rng bit r h ang lm g.	1
Tn st nhn thc s l th tch, v tt nhin n s ph v.	0
By gi in thoi vn n.	1
Ti rt hnh phc vi sn phm ny.	1
Ti nghip xy dng.	0
iu ny tc in ln.	0
Nhn chung, ti s gii thiu chic in thoi ny qua Walkman mi.	1
Chy nc rt cho dch v ny.	0
N rt r, v n cm thy v trng ging nh gi r.	0
N ph hp vi tai ti v thoi mi hn.	1
N khng hot ng  Chu u hay Chu .	0
Hy ct ci ny vo tht lng ca bn s lm cho bn cm thy nh 50 cent ang ln-v-n.	1
Ti thch thit k v nhn Jabra behing tai nghe tai v 5020 l kh d chu  mc 24 gi mt ngy m khng b au  tai.	1
Ti ngc nhin trc s xut hin nhanh chng ca hai pin in thoi lg v  mt phn nh gi.	1
Ci in thoi t nht t samsung ... ci Samsung E715 v vn ny ... l ci t nht ti tng thy.	0
Charger lm vic trong mt tun v ri hon ton ngng sc in thoi ca ti.	0
Sn phm km.	0
Tuy nhin ti cn hng dn tt hn.	0
Bn cn 2 tay  vn hnh mn hnh. Giao din phn mm ny c thp k v khng th cnh tranh vi cc thit k phn mm mi.	0
Lm vic rt tt vi Treo 700w v nh mt headset Skype trn PC ca ti (s dng my thu xuyn USB Bluetooth).	1
Hy trnh xa sn phm ny v i vi nhng cy bt thay th Palm replementr tht s, trong  c mt chic ba l.	0
NG MUA HNG KHNG PHI BUYIT SUCKS	0
y l mt sn phm tuyt vi ...	1
Hn na, ti tht s khng tin l n ng gi c ci gi ca n.	0
Tt c nhng v khc ti  c gng bnh thng tan r sau vi thng, nhng ci ny c v nh l mt thi gian di.	1
Biu Din Rt Tht Vng.	0
ng mc sai lm nh ti  lm v ng mua ci in thoi ny.	0
Chic in thoi ny c th l iu t nht ti tng c  bt k thng hiu no.	0
V n cn nhiu hay t hn c ti ban u nhng sau  b loi b bi v n lm try tai ti.	0
Ti khuyn bn nn n vi bt c ai vi nhng chic in thoi di ng/my mp3 khc nhau trong gia nh.	1
ng bn tm n ca hng.	0
Ti  ng ti nhng  kin chi tit hn di chic in thoi mu xm hoc en, nhng ti c la  v n l mt mu tuyt vi!	1
Ti khng c vn   g vi mc ny v s t li n nu cn.	1
Anh c ci anh tr cho ti on.	0
Phn mm khng ch lm tt vic ny, ti cn c th to ra nhc chung ring ca mnh hnh thnh cc a CD hin ti ca mnh m khng cn kt ni internet.	1
Ti ngc nhin rng y l mt chic sc c cht lng tt v khng c nhiu nh gi v n.	1
Tht l tuyt vi!	1
Tuy nhin, BT hin ti khng tt cho cc tr chi thi gian thc nh cc game bn sng gc nhn th nht k t khi chm tr m thanh lm ti ri tung ln.	0
Ti  s dng bitpim (mt chng trnh min ph bn c th tm trn internet)  chuyn d liu vo in thoi. Gi ca cp l xut sc.	1
Ph kin ng tht vng ca mt nh sn xut.	0
Thc hin kinh khng -- ni ting, m thanh n v ting vang d di cho nhng ngi  u kia ca cuc gi.	0
C kh nng chng gi.	1
R rng l h c mt dch v khch hng khng khip, nn anh s nhn c nhng g anh phi tr.	0
Chng khng tn ti mi mi, nhng khng qu t  thay th. D vn hnh v m thanh tt hn nhiu so vi nhng g ti  th.	1
Ti lin lc vi cng ty v h ni vi ti rng, mc d n v vn cn bo hnh, nu ti khng th sn xut ha n ti khng may mn.	0
Linksys nn c cch no   i mt ci in thoi xu cho mt n v tn trang hay g !	0
in thoi chc chn nh tt c in thoi ca cc qun bar nokia.	1
in thoi tuyt vi.	1
Khi ti t treo vo trng hp, khng ch l n khng phi l n, m cn c mt cn phng ph  hai bn.	0
Ti rt hi lng.	1
Pin rt khng khip.	0
Ti tm thy sn phm d thit lp v s dng.	1
Ci tai nghe trn ny qu ln hay qu nng ... n c ri ra khi tai ca ti.	0
Tht l v vn. Cht lng m thanh tht kinh khng.	0
B sc n trong khung thi gian ha, nhng n khng hot ng.	0
Khng cn tai nghe, n rt nh v m thanh rt tuyt.	1
Cui cng, sau ba hoc bn ln ma xun ca cht ca b ph v v ti khng th s dng n na trn tm che mt.	0
Phn rnh tay hot ng tt, nhng sau  xe c gng ti v s a ch, v u phim Treo reboots.Nhn chung, ti vn nh gi thit b ny cao.	1
Ni v dch v khch hng v dng.	0
"Cm gic qu nh v ""tinny."""	0
iu ny khng ph hp vi Palm Tungsten E2 v n  ph v ln u tin ti c gng cm n vo.	0
Ti rt vui v ci gi ny-cht lng tt v gi r.	1
Ti thch ci nhn v cm gic ca Samsung flipphones.	1
N c thit k tt v rt sc nt -- mu xanh l mt mu rt p.	1
Lm mi th cn thit v hn th na.	1
Ti khng th gii thiu thm c na.	0
Eo p .	1
C v tt trong bc tranh, nhng v ny l mt ni tht vng ln!	0
t hn nhiu so vi xng hm ti s thay th bng xng hm.	1
Thit lp din ra rt sun s.	1
N rt chm v mt mi mi  lm bt c iu g vi n.	0
"Mt nghin cu cn phi nghin cu cho bt c ai quan tm n ""nhng ti li ti t nht"" ca thit"	0
iu u tin xy ra l vic theo di  b tt.	0
N c thc hin tt, d dng truy cp vo in thoi v c mt on clip c th tho ri c.	1
Sau  ti phi tip tc ghp i n theo nh k k t khi n c th xung.	0
Khng th ti nhc chung t bn th ba.	0
Bluetooth khng hot ng, in thoi b kha, mn hnh ch le ln v by gi n ch thc hin cuc gi ngu nhin trong khi b ti.	0
Tht kinh khng.	0
N hot ng tt trn in thoi Motorola 325 ca ti, v tt hn nhiu so vi pin mc.	1
Khi lng cho ringer l REAL tt (bn c s la chn ln n mc no).	1
V khng c tng mu no c chp nhn.	0
Mu ca my nh l KHNG.	0
Sn phm ny r rng cha sn sng cho thi gian chnh thc, ti khng quan tm n trng ngu th no, nu bn khng th ni mt cuc gi ang n v gi tr.	0
Ti thch nhc chung bi v h qu lc quan!	1
Chinese Forgeries Abund! (bng ting Trung)	0
D dng kt hp vi Samsung Cell ca ti.	1
Cc hng dn khng gii thch rng mt ci micro c th c s dng.	0
ti s khuyn khng nn mua mn hng ny n khng hot ng tt.	0
Tht t l anh phi tr mt thng  phc v mt thng!	0
Lm tt lm.	1
Cp Nokia CA-42 USB khng hot ng bng in thoi ca ti.	0
m thanh r rng.	1
Ti phi dng nhng ming t nh nht c cung cp, nhng n vn cn kh tt.	1
Li phn nn ln nht ca ti l, b c quy siu nhanh.	0
Thit k c th l l thuyt ergonomic nhng ti khng th chu c th ny trong tai.	0
Khng mua nu bn mun s dng holster.	0
in thoi cng c th chp nhng bc nh tuyt vi v thm ch l video clip.	1
N khng lm cho c trng ngu.	0
Bi v c hai tai u b chim ng, nn tng khng phi l s mt tp trung.	1
Thoi mi ph hp-bn cn tai nghe  cm thy thoi mi trong t nht mt gi ti mt thi im, nu khng phi trong c mt ngy.	1
Ngoi ra, in thoi dng nh khng chp nhn bt c iu g ngoi tr CBR mp3s, tt nht l b x toc bi Windows Media Player.	0
Anh khng th nh bi gi trn s ny.	1
* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (nghim tc!	1
Nh v hot ng tt.	1
Nn hy cn thn.	0
Ti thch ci cp ny-n cho php ti kt ni bt c thit b mini-USB no vi PC ca ti.	1
V vy, bt c ai  gn bn s nghe mt phn trong cuc tr chuyn	0
iu ny tht tuyt v hu ht cc trng hp u m   cho php mn hnh b try xc.	1
Ti mua ci in thoi ny  thay th cho StarTac v hi hn v iu .	0
C v nh thc s vt tri so vi khu pin gc t Trung Quc  n vi chic V325i ca ti.	1
Khng th lu bt c th g ngoi tr s in thoi cho SIM.	0
N ko di t hn 3 pht, nu ti thc s c gng s dng in thoi. V ti c cng mt chic in thoi vi cng mt vn .	0
Cht lng km.	0
"jabra ear gels ""R"" l tt nht!"	1
Khng ng u.	0
in thoi b hng hon ton v gi ti phi lm n thay th.	0
N b vic sau khi ti dng n khong 18 thng, nn ti mi mua mt ci khc v y l ci tai nghe hay nht ti tng s hu.	1
Tht khng may, n s khng sc li iPhone 4 ca ti, mc d kt ni n t nhiu ngun in (iMac, pin ngoi, ca ra vo tng, ...).	0
 l mt chic in thoi tuyt vi.	1
Nu bn ch cn mt chic in thoi lt nh -- hy nhn vo ni khc nh nhng chic chung v ting hut so l tm thng.	0
Gi tr tt, hot ng tt-sc mnh thng qua cng USB, xe hi, hoc ca ra vo tng.	1
in thoi ca ti khng trt vng quanh chic xe ca ti by gi v ci kp ngn in thoi ca ti khng b tut khi tay.	1
y n gin l tai nghe bluetooth BEST v cht lng m thanh!	1
Hy suy ngh li khi anh c k hoch  s hu ci ny!y l in thoi cui cng ca MOTO.	0
"Trong vng mt gi, ti  c hai ngi tht ln "" Whoa- l in thoi mi trn TV?!?"	1
Ti  lun dng tai nghe v t do t khng dy rt hu ch.	1
Trng hp ny  vt qua mc mt nm v trong khi n cho thy du hiu hao mn, n c chc nng 100%.	1
Ngoi ra, da c p v mm; ph hp rt cht ch; ct cho khun mt l mt hnh dng tt.	1
N c mi th ti cn v ti khng th i hi thm.	1
Sau khi nhn v s dng sn phm ch trong 2 ngy n  v.	0
Sn phm ny tht tuyt vi ... n lm vic d dng hn nhiu khi ti c th n my photocopy trong khi ch i ch i iu g .	1
Khng c ai trong s ba kch c m h gi i vi tai nghe s  trong tai ti.	0
T-Mobile c dch v khch hng tt nht  mi ni.	1
n nhanh chng v t tn km hn so vi nhng ngi khc b bn.	1
Chng ti  th 2 n v v c hai u tht bi trong vng 2 thng. Pros	0
Cung cp s bo v tt v trng c v sang trng.	1
Krassel lun tt.	1
Tracfonewebsite l ngi dng thn thin v lm cho n d kch hot, v.v.	1
Thit k rt tt. 4.	1
Ti n tip rt nhiu ln.	1
Ti s gii thiu sn phm ny.	1
Khng th dng knh rm, khng tt  Texas!	0
N khng hot ng hu ht thi gian vi Nokia 5320 ca ti.	0
c mua ch yu cho b sc,  ph v ngay sau khi mua.	0
Nu bn mun mt ting vo ve ln  ghi  tt c cc cuc ni chuyn ca bn, th in thoi ny l dnh cho bn!	0
Mua vui tht l tuyt vi v c th ly li th in thoi tip theo.	1
Trnh xa ca hng ny ra, cn thn.	0
Ci loa siu rng ny l AWESOME.	1
Khng va u.	0
.... Mc n nhanh chng v hot ng tt vi in thoi Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 ca ti v Sony Premium Sound trong l tai.	1
N l nh sng, c  dung lng pin, v rt ph hp  mc trong thi gian di.	1
Tht vng	0
Blue Ant d s dng.	1
R nhng ny n hot ng.  c suprised mt cch ho phng cho chi ph thp ca mc ny.	1
My nh trn in thoi c th c s dng nh mt dustpan khi  trong nh ... Ti th dng mt ln dng mt ln na.	0
Mt vi ngy sau , mt ln khi bc ra t in thoi trong khi s dng.	0
N rt tin li v n gin  s dng-c lm v lm cho chic xe p tr nn mt m hn.	1
Con trai ti  b v hiu ha.	0
Cht lng m thanh cng rt tuyt.	1
 l tai nghe tt nht m ti  dng.	1
S khng hi phc.	0
H    nhiu nm v mang cht lng cao nht ca mn hnh chng la mt m ti  tm thy cho n nay.	1
ng nh ti mun.	1
M hnh ny s khng hot ng vi smartphone Motorola Q ca ti.	0
Lm vic hay t nht i vi ti.	0
Ngoi ra, c v nh in thoi l tt c cc loi nha r tin.	0
"Nhng by gi n  b ""ra khi vng bo hnh"" cng mt vn  v thuc cha tr. Cingular s khng h tr n."	0
Ti thc s mun Plantronics 510 c ng ngi, nhng n c qu nhiu vn  i vi ti.	0
Sn phm tuyt vi.	1
Crisp v Clear.	1
Sau 12 pht, chic my bay s cht.	0
Nha rt r, nha cy nh mt sn g c.	0
Ti nhn c s n nhn khng khip trong cn h ca mnh, vi nhng chic in thoi khc m ti khng c vn  ny.	0
S tip nhn ni chung l tt.	1
m thanh tuyt vi, tui th pin v kn o  khi ng!.	1
Great bluetooth!	1
Ti rt gii thiu v ny.	1
XNG NG.	1
y l mt tha thun tuyt vi.	1
Sau khi in thoi ca ti c khong mt nm tui, n  b ph v mt cch chm chp mc d  quan tm n phn ca ti.	0
Ti xin li v  mua n.	0
Ti  mua nhng hy vng ny, ti c th lm cho m Bluetooth ca mnh ph hp hn nhng nhng th ny lm cho n khng th mc.	0
Trio v T-Mobile t chi thay th n mt ln na v buc ti phi mua mt chic in thoi khc m khng c bt k loi gim gi nng cp no.	0
Tht kinh khng!	0
Ti khng ngh l n c th gi n qu an ton trn tht lng ca c.	0
iu ny cho php kh nng tng gp i so vi cng ngy v thi gian sau ln u tin.	0
H lm vic khong 2 tun sau .	0
N rt n gin  s dng v ti thch n.	1
N l mt cng c tuyt vi cho gii tr, giao tip v qun l d liu. Oh, hy chc chn s dng ActiveSync 4.2 cho kt qu ng b ha d liu ti u!	1
Ti khng th dng trng hp ny v mi kinh tm.	0
KHNG PHI CI TI MUN.	0
Ti s hu 2 trong s nhng trng hp ny v s ra lnh khc.	1
in Thoi Tuyt.	1
Ti mua khu pin ny vi phiu gim gi t Amazon v ti rt vui khi mua n.	1
Truy cp internet l tt, n l mt trng hp him hoi m n hot ng.	0
Hon ho cho my PS3.	1
5 sao Plus, thm na.	1
Mt mn hi ... Ti mua ci ny sau khi mua mt ci gi r tin t Big Lots c v t hi v nhng ngi  u kia khng th nghe thy ti.	1
50   di cng.	0
Ti  c ni tht to nhng la ht ln ci in thoi c v ti vn cha ni l n khng tuyt.	0
Tt, tt lm.	1
Vi ci gi phi tr l mt tha thun ln.	1
Gi cng hay y!	1
Nu c gi th hon ton v dng.	0
ng l n sng bng  pha trc-v ti thch n!	1
Khng C Tc Dng.	0
Lc u ti ngh ti ang ci mt hp ng tr gi $7,44, cho n khi ti cm n vo in thoi (V3c Razr).	0
S n nhn thng qua tai nghe ny rt xut sc.	1
2 ngn ci cho ngi bn ny	1
Ti c mt chic in thoi ca hng Verizon LG v h cng nhau lm vic tt, tip nhn tt v tm nhn vt qu 20 feet.	1
M t khng ng ... Ti phi tr li n.	0
#1 N Works- #2 N l th  thoi mi.	1
Sc pin-cuc sng kh di.	1
Jabra EarGrels ph hp vi tai ca ti.	1
Pin khng c cuc sng.	0
Ti  kim tra mi ni v khng c tnh nng no thc s ng tht vng.	0
Sn phm chnh xc nh m t.	1
S nhn c tn hiu khi in thoi Verizon khc khng.	1
Khng c lm vic .	0
Ti s gii thiu n.	1
Lp k hoch t hng cho h ln na v ln na.	1
iu  c cho l, i vi mt chic in thoi, my quay rt p; nhiu hiu ng tt  chi, v video cng kh tt.	1
Ti  rt hi lng vi chic in thoi ny t ngy u tin.	1
H cng ngy cng tt hn (y l tc phm th ba ca ti v ti cng  c rt nhiu Palms).	1
Kh s dng v khng ng tin cy.	0
Thi gian vn chuyn cng rt nhanh!	1
Khng tt nh ti mong i.	0
Phng trng hp tt!	1
Khng C Tc Dng.	0
Sn phm rt tt.	1
Tht khng may, n khng hot ng.	0
C ba b ph v trong vng hai thng s dng.	0
ng mua n.	0
Cha ti c V265, v cc pin ang cht dn.	0
Tuy nhin, ming m tai li d dng v ch sau mt tun ti mt mt chic.	0
Cc cuc gi ri, in thoi i vo v tt i, mn hnh chuyn sang mu en v t nht l n ngng lin tc.	0
Mt ngi bo v kinh khng.	0
Ti cng khng thch Nokia.	0
Vic tip cn vi hng di cng l khng thoi mi, v cc phm gi v kt thc khng phi l ni ti mong i  . 3.	0
Ti  mua chic in thoi Nokia ny vi tun trc v  l mt cn c mng.	0
S mt nhiu thi gian  m t s km kinh nghim ca khch hng i vi Amazon nh th no.	0
iu duy nht ng tht vng l khng c ting ni! !!!	0
T tht. Xe ca ti s khng chp nhn ci bng ny u.	0
Sn phm l v dng, v n khng c  sc in  sc 2 in thoi di ng m ti ang c k hoch s dng.	0
Khng phi nh n ni.	0
Trnh Xa Khi Q!	0
Dng v d bn.	0
Dch v khng ng tin cy ca T-mobile!	0
Khng  tt cho gi c.	0
Ti  mua hai ci v cng khng tnh tin.	0
N trng rt p.	1
y l mt cng c tuyt vi, c bit l khi ghp ni vi in thoi ca bn t ng tr li.	1
Ti  c nhng bi nh gi khc  y nhng ti khng c vn  g vi n c.	1
Cc sn phm ny che ph cm bin nh sng quan trng trn ca thot tai.	0
Thoi mi trong tay ti.	1
Ch l khng c tc dng.	0
 Tin Cy Km.	0
(N hot ng!)	1
Nu ti chp mt bc nh, c quy s ri xung mt qun bar, v bt u ku bp bp, cho ti bit v s lo ha ca n.	0
Sn phm kinh khng, v ph tin!	0
Ln cui cng anh mua t em.	0
 l mt s lng ph tin ca ti.	0
Cho n nay n  hot ng nh mt s quyn r.	1
Ti ch c n trong vi tun, nhng cho n nay, rt tt.	1
Nhng, trong bt k trng hp no, iu tt nht l bn c th ti nhng bc nh ny vo my tnh xch tay ca bn s dng IR, hoc thm ch gi hnh nh t my tnh xch tay ca bn n in thoi.	1
S gii thiu mc ny.	1
 l s la chn ca ti trong nhiu nm qua.	1
Trng hp p, cm thy tt trong tay.	1
Hng  nhn c  b mt.	0
Rt tt .. Cho n nay, c l y l chic BT tt nht m ti tng c.	1
Lm tt lm.	1
Ti  nhn c ci u ca mnh trong thi gian vui v v hnh phc vi n.	1
Ti  rt hi lng khi thy rng ti c th thay th ci my bay ca ti bng cch lt Blackberry ca ti.	1
Em gi ti cng c mt ci v c y rt thch n.	1
Cht lng tt.	1
y l v mua bn ti t nht m ti  mua  Amazon.	0
Tai nghe c hai mc ch tuyt vi.	1
Tuyt vi!	1
Khng c tc dng  nghe nhc vi m s 8125.	0
N c v an ton, c hai nm vo tht lng ca ti, v gi cho iPhone bn trong.	1
... mt k v dng, r tin, r tin t Sprint.	0
Gp rc ri vi m lng.	0
iu tt duy nht l n ph hp vi i tai nh.	1
CNH BO-NG MUA!!	0
Ti ang ghp ci ny bng in thoi ca ti, v ti khng th no hnh phc hn vi n.	1
Khi m ca, kt ni pin b hng v thit b b tt.	0
Ti khng mun vin n bay qua u tai ti, gy ra s kh chu.	0
Tai nghe tt nht t trc n gi!	1
ng tin vo trang web ca h, v ng mong ch s h tr hu ch.	0
Rt vui khi ni rng Plantronics 510 c mt kt ni hon ho vi t bo ca ti v khng c tnh trong khi s dng bnh thng.	1
Loa c cht lng thp cng nh lm cho cc thanh nhc c m thanh rt r.	0
Ph hp thoi mi, c ba kch c tai nghe.	1
Sn phm xut sc v gi c.	1
Tn hiu xu.	0
Sn phm ny c cht lng rt cao Trung Quc CT! !!!	0
N kh thoi mi trong tai.	1
in thoi tuyt vi.	1
ng mua sn phm ny-N tht bi!	0
Mi th v sn phm ny l sai.	0
Vic ghp cp ca hai thit b ny rt d dng, n ch mt vi pht trc khi ti bt u thc hin cc cuc gi vi tnh nng thoi quay s.	1
iu ny hon ton kh hiu, th khin ti mt i mt vi mi quan h rt, rt quan trng.	0
Ngi gi in thoi khng khip	0
Cc nt v nt c t hon ho.	1
Ti thch c th s dng mt tai nghe cho c hai mt bng ng b v t bo.	1
Vn  l cc vng tai c lm t vt liu yu v d v.	0
Khng tt bng b phim Amazon.	0
Nhng bt chp nhng sai st ny, trng hp ny c cht lng c bit v ng gi hn chi ph b sung ca vic s hu mt sn phm OEM chnh thc.	1
Ngu ngc n mc no?	0
Ti c th nghe thy trong khi li xe trn xe, v thng th khng cn phi t n vo ci thit lp ln nht.	1
Ngi bn chy nhanh v r hn nhiu so vi cc i th cnh tranh	1
Gii lm, Samsung.	1
Ti  mua khong 10 ci v tit kim tin.	1
N lun ct t v lm ting beep beep soep m thanh sau  cho thy tn hiu b li.	0
Khng th bit c.	0
in thoi ca ti nghe c v n (khng tt-OK), nhng in thoi ca v ti gn nh hon ton kh hiu, c y khng th hiu mt t no c ni trn .	0
Nn ti phi tho pin ra khi in thoi v khi ng li n.	0
Trong khi ti xoay c ci l xo l tr li v tr, kim loi by gi c  sc p buc n s v  git tip theo.	0
Bo In n tng hoang d tuyt vi!	1
Lm vic cho ti.	1
Saggy,  b i.	0
tt hn nhiu so vi nhng trng hp nha cng.	1
N cng c mt vn  mi.	0
Hnh phc cho n nay!	1
in thoi p	1
Lm tt lm.	1
Cui cng, Motorola c c cht lng ging ni ca mt tai nghe bluetooth.	1
N cp i kt ni vi in thoi ngay c khi n nm cch hai chn gia hai chn.	0
nhng n rt tuyt, ti rt mun gii thiu n.	1
Lm cho n d dng hn  theo kp vi ci bluetooth ca ti khi ti khng eo n.	0
Nh ti  ni  trn ...THT V DNG!	0
Khng bao gi c! !!!	0
Cp tai nghe ny l iu ti t nht m ti tng nghe c m thanh.	0
[...] down the drain v mt c snap yu!	0
Khng tnh in thoi Cingular (ATT) 8525.	0
"Bn c thm vi pht  bn c th thc hin cuc gi v khng b ct b. """	1
Tuy nhin, sau khong mt nm, chic o xanh bt u b lng lo v cui cng mn hnh ca ti mu en v ti khng th nhn c v t cuc gi.	0
Ti  gi dy cp trn gh v ti phi ko in thoi  tt n.	0
Tai nghe p ng cc yu cu ca ti nn ti hi lng vi vic mua hng ca mnh.	1
Logitech Bluetooth Headset l mt Headset 10!.	1
Ti thch s tht l n nh nhng vo tai bn, hn l bn trong.	1
Rt nhiu trang web  nh gi y l mt chic in thoi rt hay v ti cng vy.	1
Ti  th cc dy cp ny bng my tnh v iPod ca ti v n hot ng tt.	1
Mic c mt tr a, v m lng kh thp.	0
Ti s tr li chng.	0
Ti khng duy tr mi lin h no vi my tnh trong khi n ang  trn i.	0
Tht d dng  bt tt v tt khi bn ang  trong xe v cc iu khin m lng l hon ton c th truy cp c.	1
Ti  c ca ti khong mt nm v Ging sinh ny ti  mua mt s cho phn cn li ca gia nh.	1
Mt khc, d dng ci t v s dng, r rng m thanh.	1
 da p.	1
Ti phi mua mt v khc.	0
 l mt nim vui c s dng.	1
Rt tht vng vi cng ty ny.	0
Rt chm bim chuyn .	1
N khng tnh ph cho ti.	0
y l chic in thoi cho nm 2005 ... Ti va mua S710a ca ti v tt c nhng g ti c th ni l WOW!	1
Nhng ci nt qu nh.	0
Ch cn c qua cc thng tin mt mnh, anh s ni l WOW.	1
Yu n ... Mt bng i tuyt vi.	1
Ti thc s thch sn phm ny trn Motorola v n r rng hn trn tai v mic.	1
Tuy nhin, keypad rt thch ti i khi n nhm nt.	0
Ti trao i ci z500a cho ci ny v ti kh hi lng vi quyt nh .	1
Ti rt n tng vi ci gi ca nhng v n.	1
Cng lm cho n d gi hn.	1
Ti s dng sn phm ny trong mt trung tm iu khin ng c, ni c rt nhiu in p cao t thit b, v n hot ng tt!	1
Kh d dng.	1
Ti khng th gi  mt ni no .	0
Tuy nhin, c gi ca ti phn nn rng mt thi gian in thoi khng thc dy nh in thoi thng thng.	0
Kiu dng p y.	1
Cng ty ny tnh ph cho ti v vn khng tr li tin cho ti.	0
Ti ang c tr li tin.	0
Ti  cm n vo ch  tm ra n khng c tc dng.	0
Sn phm tuyt vi.	1
Tai nghe d v.	0
Sn phm t hi.	0
Chic in thoi ny c gng ht sc  lm mi th nhng li tht bi trong vic c th l mt chic in thoi.	0
N l b sc tt nht ti tng thy trn th trng.	1
IN THOI NGT NGO !!!	1
-, b sc c v hot ng tt.	1
N ph hp vi qu sm rng mc tai khng cn phi c s dng v m thanh c hng dn tt hn qua ng tai ca bn.	1
Khng  khi lng.	0
Vn  ting vang ...Rt khng tha ng.	0
bn ch c th ly 2 video vo mt thi im v cht lng rt km.	0
ng ph tin.	0
Ti s phi l ngi u tin nh gi tiu cc sn phm ny.	0
B iu hp khng cung cp dng sc .	0
C rt nhiu qung co qua in thoi m ti cho rng  l iu tt nht, sai lm ca ti.	0
Bn cng khng th chp nh vi n trong trng hp v lense c che y.	0
in thoi ri ra d dng.	0
N khng hot ng, mi ngi khng th nghe thy ti khi ti ni chuyn.	0
Tnh nng nhn tin vn bn rt kh s dng.	0
Ti thc s tht vng vi tt c nhng g ti c by gi l mt k la o khng c tc dng.	0
au  tai.	0
Ko di mt ngy ri li n tung.	0
tht vng.	0
Hi ni.	0
Mn hnh c th b nhe bi v n chm vo tai v khun mt ca bn.	0
ng l  b i. Ti mt nhiu cuc gi hn trn in thoi ny.	0
Mt Hng Khng Khp Vi Hnh nh.	0
iu duy nht lm ti tht vng l ci cng  inra (irda).	0
Bn khng th tr li cuc gi vi n v, khng bao gi lm vic mt ln!	0
Mt b phim chuyn ng rt, rt chm chp, mt b phim v mt ngi n ng au kh, tri dt.  	0
Khng chc ai  mt nhiu-cc nhn vt phng hay khn gi, gn mt na trong s  b i.  	0
C gng ngh thut vi cc gc quay mu en v trng v thng minh, b phim tht vng-thm ch cn tr nn bun ci hn-bi din xut l ngi ngho v ct truyn v cc dng gn nh khng tn ti.  	0
Rt t nhc hay bt c th g  ni.  	0
Cnh hay nht trong phim l khi Gerardo ang c gng tm mt bi ht m c chy xuyn qua u.  	1
Phn cn li ca b phim thiu ngh thut, quyn r,  ngha ... Nu  l s trng rng, th ti on l v n trng rng.  	0
Lng ph 2 ting.  	0
Xem b phim hm nay v ngh rng  l mt n lc tt, nhng tin nhn tt cho tr em.  	1
C th on trc c.  	0
Yu thch vic tuyn chn Jimmy Buffet lm gio vin khoa hc.  	1
V nhng con c con rt ng yu.  	1
B phim cho thy rt nhiu Florida   l tt nht, lm cho n trng rt hp dn.  	1
Nhng Bi Ht L Nhng Bi Ht Hay Nht V Muppets Tht Bun Ci.  	1
Tht Tuyt.  	1
"y l mt b phim ""phi trn trng hp"" mang li mi th gn nh ngay trc mt bn.  "	1
N c mt s hnh ng trung bnh t ngi chnh, v n l mt ngn sch thp nh bn r rng c th nhn thy.  	0
nh gi ny  qu hn, k t khi ti xem A Tale of Two Sisters l b phim v i nht tng c thc hin.  	1
Ti s t vin  qu ny ln bt c b phim no v kch bn, quay phim, din xut, hu sn xut, bin tp, o din, hoc bt k kha cnh no khc ca vic lm phim.  	1
"Thc t n hon ho trong tt c chng-mt kit tc thc s trong mt bin ca faux "" thnh tho.  "	1
""" Cu trc ca b phim ny d dng c xy dng cht ch nht trong lch s in nh.  "	1
Ti khng th ngh v mt b phim no khc m mt th quan trng xy ra mi pht.  	1
Ni cch khc, mc  ni dung ca b phim ny   d dng lp y hng chc b phim khc.  	1
Lm sao c th c ai  trong tm tr mnh li yu cu bt c iu g t mt b phim hn th ny?  	1
N kh n gin, hnh thc mang tnh cht siu cao nht ca in nh.  	1
Vng, b phim ny i hi mt lng gii  kh ng k, nhng nhng mnh ghp li khp vi nhau  to nn mt bc tranh p.  	1
B phim ngn ny chc chn khng c c m no.  	0
 ha nm  phn tt nht ca tr chi.  	0
y l tr chi TH tt nht trong lot game ny.  	1
N xng ng c yu.  	1
 l mt tr chi in r.  	1
C nhng mc  ln, nhng nhn vt ln khng th kha c ... n ch l mt tr chi  s.  	1
B tin vo tr ny i.  	1
y l loi tin b lng ph ng cch.  	1
Thc ra  ha lc  rt tt.  	1
Ngy nay  ha u nhm nh.  	0
Nh h ni  Canada, y l tr chi vui v, aye.  	1
Tr chi ny l .  	1
Mua i, chi i, thng thc i.  	1
 L THIT B SNG CHI.  	1
y l mt s tht bi thm hi t quan nim ca n.  	0
 tng ca n l mt nhn vt nh t mt b phim tm thng PG-13, v hon ton khng phi l phn tip theo trong khi thay i ging iu thnh mt b phim gia nh c xp hng PG.  	0
Ti khng c cht hng th.  	0
Khng ch c th xc nhn rng b phim s khng hi hc v chung chung, nhng n cng c th cung cp cho b phim TON b phim; v ti khng phng i-mi khonh khc, mi ct truyn, mi cu chuyn ci u c k trong trailer.  	0
Nhng khng vui cht no.  	0
Nhng ngay c ti nng Carrell cng khng th cu c.  	0
Cc ngi sao ca anh ta khng c tt hn nhiu, vi nhng ngi nh Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, v Ed Helms  lng ph.  	0
Bn thn cu chuyn ch c th d on v li bing.  	0
Tc dng thc s duy nht l s hin din ca tt c cc loi ng vt, v s tch hp ca nhng ngi trong nhng cnh ny l mt trong nhng cng vic kinh khng nht v r rng nht m ti tng thy.  	0
Nhng d n l ci g m chi ph qu nhiu, n vn khng dch n cht lng, m chc chn l vy.  	0
B phim  thnh cng, hoc c l bi v, mt ngn sch kh t i.  	1
Ti rt vui v b phim khng c la chn r rng nht, v mt b phim t hn chc chn s c.  	1
Ngoi vic c mt trong nhng bi ht ng yu nht tng c vit, Php Cancan cng t ho l mt trong nhng ngi ph n hng u d thng nht tng lm Grace.  	1
Tht kh  khng ri vo tnh yu vi c gi .  	1
V tiu cc, n  mnh  gy hi tic cho 2 gi khc ca cuc sng lng ph trc mn hnh.  	0
Lu lm ri, rn r v v ngha.  	0
Nhng ti  ngh ch i nhng n lc tng lai ca h, hy b qua chuyn ny.  	0
Dn din vin xut sc, cu chuyn, din xut.  	1
Hon ton ng tin.  	1
Anne Heckhe l ngi hon ton thuyt phc.  	1
Vai din ca Sam Shepard v mt Thy qun lc chin ang tnh ru.  	1
Ti ngi cnh mn hnh TV.  	1
Tt c nhng g ti cho l 1 trong s 10 ngi b thng.  	1
Ti ngh Tom Hanks l mt din vin gii.  	1
Ti thch c cun sch ny vi cc con khi chng cn nh.  	1
Ti  rt tht vng trong phim.  	0
Mt nhn vt hon ton kh chu vi mt ging ni cho ti cm gic mng tay trn bn tay.  	0
C mt cnh tu ln/con ln hon ton khng cn thit.  	0
Hon ton khng c s m p hay s quyn r cho nhng cnh hay nhn vt ny.  	0
B phim ny lm ti bc mnh lm.  	0
Cc mn trnh din khng c ci thin bng cch ng bin, bi v cc din vin by gi c nhiu iu  lo lng: khng ch l vic h ang giao hng tt, m liu dng nhc  c hay khng.  	0
V, thnh tht m ni, thng th n khng c tt lm.  	0
Thng th cuc i thoi khng thc s theo dng ny sang dng khc, hoc ph hp vi mi trng xung quanh.  	0
N thay i vi mt nng lng khng th on trc, tr trung-nhng thnh tht m ni, ti thy kh m bm theo v tp trung vo n qu nng n.  	0
C nhng th rt hay trong .  	1
D sao ti cng khng ni l h ng gi 2 ting.  	0
Cc nh xy dng hi hp l tt, v ch vt qua ranh gii t G n PG.  	1
Ti c bit thch nhng la chn khng so vi b m; trong nhng b phim khc, ti c th d on hp thoi verbatim, nhng nhng bi vit trong b phim ny c nhng la chn tt hn.  	1
Nu bn mun mt b phim khng th tc nhng mang n cho bn mt s n lnh, y l mt s la chn tuyt vi.  	1
Alexander Nevsky l mt b phim rt hay.  	1
Anh y l mt ngh s in nh tuyt vi, mt trong nhng ngi quan trng nht tng sng.  	1
"Ti rt vui v chuyn ny, khng c ln k hoch bi hng Dodge Stratus Big Shots ... N s gip cc nh lm phim khng b hn ch ""kinh doanh in nh"" ca Qubec.  "	0
y l b phim u tin ti a ra 10 nm.  	1
Nu c mt b phim no  cn truyn ming  thc y, th y chnh l n.  	1
Nhn chung, b phim rt th v v suy ngh.  	1
Ngoi ra, n  c trang b tt v ph hp vi thi gian tng i ngn ca n.  	1
Hy cho n mt ci nhn.  	1
Ti cho n 10 im.  	1
Gi v s t c vit rt tt v hnh ng rt tuyt vi.  	1
ng l kinh in.  	1
N thc s ha ra l kh ng n n mc B-list phim kinh d/hi hp.  	1
Chc chn l phi kim tra.  	1
Vn  l kch bn.  	0
N rt gh tm.  	0
Chng c g ng tin c.  	0
S hi hp duy nht m ti cm thy l s tht vng  mc  chm pht trin ca cc c gi.  	0
MANNA FROM HEAVEN l mt b phim tuyt vi va c th d on c v khng th on trc c cng mt lc.  	1
Nhng cnh ny thng rt hi hc v thnh thong cm ng khi cc nhn vt nh gi cuc sng ca h v ni h ang i.  	1
Cc din vin k cu ch l mt chuyn i hoi nim.  	1
Vai din ca Ursula Burton trong n tu u cm ng v hi hc cng lc vi vic lm cho cc n tu hoc nh th hi hc.  	1
"Nu bn ang tm kim mt b phim vi mt dn din vin tuyt vi, mt vi bn nhc hay (bao gm c mt mn biu din Shirley Jones ca ""The Way You Look Tonight""), v mt ci kt nng cao, cho iu ny th.  "	1
Ti khng ngh anh s tht vng.  	1
Thnh tht m ni, sau khi cu lc b Cotton v UnFaithful, tht ng xu h khi xem Lane v Gere trong b phim ny, bi v  l BAD.  	0
Hnh ng rt t, cc cuc gi l cc k nng v khng thnh tht.  	0
N qu d on, k c vi mt con g mi.  	0
Qu chnh tr.  	0
Rt tht vng.  	0
iu duy nht thc s ng  xem l phong cnh v ngi nh, bi v n rt p.  	1
Ti yu Lane, nhng ti cha tng thy c y trong mt b phim t nh th ny.  	0
Mt ting ri ti c mnh c th mang li.  	0
Nhng theo cch vit th n rt ti v to bo.  	1
Din xut gip vic sng tc rt tt (c l ch em gi ngc c th  c chi tt hn), v  l mt nim vui tht s  xem.  	1
o din v quay phim khng hon ton tt.  	0
B phim rt nhm chn, ti i khi thy mnh b chim ng nh im trn bo thay v xem (khng bao gi xy ra trong mt b phim Columbo trc y!).  	0
), v i khi tht xu h n ni ti phi nhn i ch khc.  	0
o din dng nh qu kiu ngo.  	0
"Nhng cnh quay vi c gi hng xm ""trng thnh qu trng thnh"" l mt sai lm.  "	0
V ni chung cc dng v ct truyn l yu hn so vi tp trung bnh.  	0
Sau , cnh h tranh lun liu c hay khng nn  cho ngi thi kn (ngi b vu co b buc ti git ngi) l kinh d thun ty, thc s ngu ngc.  	0
"Tuy nhin, mt s ting v tay nn c dnh cho ""khc do u"".  "	1
Ti thc s thch iu .  	1
Mt b phim tuyt vi ca mt o din v i.  	1
B phim  t bn trn cnh gh ca bn v lm cho bn phn no s hi khi n xe ca bn vo cui m.  	1
m nhc trong phim cng rt p.  	1
Ti khuyn mi ngi nn i xem n.  	1
Tuyt vi!  	1
10/10  	1
Ti thch b phim ny qu nhiu.  	1
Vn  duy nht ca ti l ti ngh din vin ng vai phn din l mt Michael Ironside thp.  	0
N lm rung chuyn th gii ca ti v chc chn l mt ngi khng c ca hng x hi hay th cht.  	1
Tuy nhin, iu ny  khng to ra cho thc t rng tng th, y l mt b phim v cng nhm chn.  	0
Khng c s ha hc gia Ben Affleck v Sandra Bullock trong b phim ny, v ti khng th hiu ti sao anh ta li xem xt vic ri b v mnh v c nng ny m anh ta cho l  b nh bi.  	0
C vi khonh khc trong b phim khng cn phi   v ang i chm li.  	0
"y l mt phin bn lm li ngho nn ca ""My Best Friends Wedding"".  "	0
Tt c trong tt c, mt s tht vng ln.  	0
"Ti khng th tin rng cc din vin ng  lm ""phim"" ny.  "	0
Ti khng th ng nhn n lu v s mt IQ.  	0
Ti on l khng c ai  trn mng pht sng vin nh ny  xem n trc khi mc n vo.  	0
Xp hng ti IMDB ch gim gi thnh 1 cho khng khip,  n lc nhn c mt s s m trong cc trng hp nh th ny.  	0
"Ti  thy ""Mirrormask"" ti qua v  l mt tri nghim khng tha ng.  "	0
Tht khng may, s thiu kinh nghim v hng i c ngha l cnh sau khi cnh phim tri qua vi cht t v nhng cng thng hay xung t.  	0
y l nhng ch  trung tm ca b phim v chng c x l mt cch kho lo, rp khun v khng c chiu su ca tr tng tng.  	0
Tt c nhng bc nh p trn th gii ny khng th b li cho mt tc phm thiu st  li.  	0
 l mt ting ri lng ph thi gian, theo sau mt m hc sinh rt xinh p v khc v cuc i.  	0
Anh khng th lin h vi h, anh hu nh khng th hiu h.  	0
y chc chn l mt s th cng c in v chia s vi nhng ngi khc.  	1
B phim ny l mt thm ha tinh khit, cu chuyn ngu ngc v chnh sa l iu ti t nht m ti tng thy, n lm bn ngc nhin.  	0
Loi c ny c to ra v mt s cnh quay di nc ca n c lp i lp li hng nghn ln trong phim.  	0
Mt b phim thc s ti t.  	0
Din xut tht kinh khng, v ch vit t hn.  	0
Cch duy nht c th l b phim ny c th c gi l MST3K fodder.  	0
Ti  tr qu nhiu.  	0
Ngoi ra, vic xem Anthony Quinn ng vai Crazy Horse.  	1
Tht l t nht!  	0
Khng c m mu g!  	0
Mt ln na, khng c m mu g c.  	0
Kinh khng!  	0
Mt gi t nht v mt na cuc i ti!i cha i!  	0
Ti phi ra rp ht vi pht ch  c nh nhm thi!  	0
Ti ght nhng b phim nh th.  	0
Yeah, b phim kh t y.  	0
KHNG C CT TRUYN HAY CT TRUYN!  	0
Nu bn i xem phim ny, hy mang gi hoc bn trai bn trai  bn c th vt qua.  	0
Kinh khng.  	0
Ti khng ngh ti  tng i xem phim v khng thch n nhiu nh vy.  	0
 l mt iu tt m v ch tn 5  la v ti s pht in nu ti phi tr $7.50  xem th ny.  	0
KHNG AI NHN DNG NHNG NHN VT NY BI V H U L NHNG TM BA CNG V NHNG KHUN MU (HAY D ON NHNG NH KIN O NGC).  	0
y l mt b phim d t, vi nhng bi vit xu, v nhng iu tt p ... mt b phim hot hnh xu x c sng tc bi Paul Haggis dnh cho nhng ngi khng th x l c g khc ngoi nhng nt to bo trong chuyn k ... mt bc tranh c v bng bt ch.  	0
Crash l mt iu khng th nhn mnh, kch ng cm xc, nhng dy bn khng g nu bn  bit phn bit chng tc v nh kin l iu xu.  	0
D sao, ti cng thch b phim ny v s trao quyn cho ph n, khng c  phim nh th ny.  	1
No ca bn s c gng tt nh mt phn ca s t bo v.  	0
Ti b b ri khi tri nghim xem 'phim' v ti mt hai gi  hi phc hon ton.  	0
B phim ny by gi tham gia vo Revenge of the Boogeyman v Zombiez nh mt phn ca ba b phim kinh d.  	0
Ti chc chn khng c  khc bit ny mt cch tt p.  	0
 ti l theo mt cch khng khip.  	0
B phim ny khng c cc tnh nng b li.  	0
Mi th tht kinh khng.  	0
My quay khng ngng xut hin khng ngng trnh by chng ta vi bi cnh xu x nht c th tng tng ra, tc l  	0
Cu chuyn cn hn c ngu ngc.  	0
Kch bn ... c kch bn khng?  	0
Bn tr rt phin phc.  	0
Ngi dn u c uy tn.  	0
Hon ton khng c gi tr  bt k cp  no, y cng ging nh tra tn.  	0
Ti s ni li ln na-y l tra tn.  	0
C l s c li gii thch hp l cho s tn bo ny.  	0
Khng phi l mt chuyn i vui v t khm ph.  	0
Khng nn khuyn khch.  	0
Nu gi thuyt ny nghe c v ngu ngc,  l bi v n l vy.  	0
Phi, t lm.  	0
Khng c g  khuyn c.  	0
Mt mn trnh din tuyt vi t Ms.  	1
Garbo, ngi  cho thy ti nng ca c y c th tip tc t thi i im lng (ti mun xem mt s tc phm thm lng ca c y, nhng Netflix dng nh khng lu tr h.  	1
Tht tuyt khi thy rng nh bin kch cm ni ting Frances Marion khng h b l mt bc i t im lng n m thanh.  	1
B phim ny b nh hng bi cch vit, n cn nhiu s hi hp hn.  	0
C qu nhiu ngi thn.  	0
Nhng ngoi ra, b phim dng nh ko di v cc anh hng khng thc s lm vic cho s t do ca h.  	0
Nhng b phim ny chc chn l gi thu nh di mc trung bnh.  	0
""" Anh s thch n!  "	1
B phim ny l BAD.  	0
T tht.  	0
B phim qu di.  	0
y chc chn l mt trong nhng k xu.  	0
B phim m ti nhn c l mt b phim c cht lng tuyt vi cho  tui ca n.  	1
John Wayne  lm mt vic khng th tin c v  qu tr trong ngnh cng nghip in nh.  	1
S hin din ca ng trn mn hnh  suy ngh mc d c nhng din vin cao cp khc trn mn nh vi ng.  	1
Ti ngh rng  l mt b phim ca John Wayne.  	1
Ti tht s khng hiu lm sao ai  c th thng thc b phim ny.  	0
Ti khng ngh l ti  tng thy mt na b phim nhm chn nh ci th rc ri ny.  	0
C l s tt hn nu gim c khng dnh hu ht cc b phim  gii thiu tc phm ngh thut ca ring mnh, iu  thc s khng ng ch .  	0
Mt iu khc ti khng thc s thch l khi mt nhn vt b m vo mt, mt gallon mu s chy ra ngay sau .  	0
Jamie Foxx hon ton l Ray Charles.  	1
Mn trnh din ca anh ta ch n gin  	1
"ng s hu b phim, cng nh Spacek s hu ""Coal Miner's Daughter"" v Quaid s hu "" Great Balls of Fire.  "	1
""" Tht ra, kh m nh c phn Ray Charles ang hnh ng, ch khng phi do ngi n ng chi.  "	1
Ray Charles l huyn thoi.  	1
Cuc i ca Ray Charles  cung cp cht liu tiu s tuyt vi cho b phim, vt xa hn ch l mt b phim khc v mt nhc s.  	1
Hitchcock l mt o din v i.  	1
Tr tru thay, ti hu nh ch tm thy nhng b phim ca anh y mt tng ph thi gian  xem  	0
Th hai, Hitchcock c hon thin kh nhiu b phim kinh d v ui theo.  	1
 l nguyn nhn dn n khn gi ph hoi hu ht cc b phim ca ng ta.  	0
Do  ton b cu chuyn thiu mt ngun nng lng nht nh.  	0
Ct truyn ch n gin l tin n v mt c my, tuyt vng ph thuc vo vic b sung nhng cnh mi.  	0
C nhng sai st thng thng ca Hitchcock.  	0
Mishima v cng v cng th v.  	0
y l mt b phim lnh lo, khng ng ch  v mt tc gi sng/lm vic trong mt nn vn ha tru tng lnh.  	0
S ti hin bng phng khng khin bn ch  bi v chng c s rn nt v mt cm xc v s tr tr.  	0
V phn cn li ca n ch l mt s khng khip ... vi nhng ngi lnh ht nhng bi ht v s nam tnh m h cam kt, chia r v s thun khit, s ngng m ca thanh kim, v.v.  	0
Hn c th lm anh chn cht, v git  ca mt b phim, nhanh hn bt c ai khc.  	0
Schrader  thc hin mt bn tm tt y  cc b phim nghip d, t hi.  	0
Khi ln u tin ti xem b phim ny, vo nhng nm 80, ti thch n.  	1
Ti hon ton b m hoc bi m nhc, iu nhy ... mi th.  	1
Tuy nhin, gn y ti  xem li ton b mi th trn a DVD, v ti hon ton b nh bi bi ci ct truyn cc k ngu ngc-lm th no m n cha ng nhng ci l, nhng mu thun v thng thn-mt m to lao-v iu nhy nh th no.  	0
 ti l, trong mt th gii thc t, c y s khng bao gi vo c tit mc ma ba l  ... Ton b chuyn ny tht thm hi.  	0
S pht trin ca nhn vt cng thiu  su.  	0
Woa, ni chuyn kinh khng i.  	0
ng ph thi gian.  	0
N qu khng khip.  	0
Mt cuc i thoi ng yu nht ... Ti c th tip tc.  	0
Nhng iu thc s khin n khng th canh phng l hng i.  	0
Nhng din vin ti nghip.  	0
Anh thm ch cn khng bit h c ti no v h khng ch c nhng cu chuyn thm hi  ni nhng o din khng cho h hnh ng.  	0
Nu anh kim tra h s ca gim c trn trang ny anh s thy ti sao b phim ny khng c c hi.  	0
iu ny thm ch s khng tt nh mt sn phm cho TV flick.  	0
Nu  nh tt lm cho mt b phim tuyt vi, th b phim ny c th l mt trong nhng b phim v i nht tng c thc hin.  	1
B phim c cc din vin tuyt vi, mt o din chnh, mt ch  quan trng ... t nht l mt ch  c  ngha, nhn mnh n nhng nm 50 th gii eo trn khng, nhng cnh trn khng nn  lm cho c cm gic v tr tng tng rng mnh, v cc nhn vt trong . mt ngi quan tm su sc.  	1
Tht ng tic, b phim tht bi.  	0
B phim thiu s quan tm v hnh nh, kch tnh, th hin cm gic, v l k nim lng yu nc rt nhn mnh cu chuyn.  	0
Khng c n din vin no t hn khi s dng June Allison trong b phim ny.  	0
Nhng ti thch xem n.  	1
Tht khng may, y l mt b phim ti t.  	0
Kch bn xu, hng xu v hnh ng khng khip lm cho ci ny tr nn ti t!  	0
Cuc i thoi t lm.  	0
Cc rp chiu phim-nu n c th c gi l-ht.  	0
Nhc phim d t.  	0
Din xut tht t.  	0
Chui bui ha nhc va b ht.  	0
Hay y.  	1
Bun ci tht.  	1
Tht bun ci.  	1
Nhn chung, b phim ny l thng rc r tin.  	0
Nhng b phim ny khng hi hc cht no.  	0
Ti cm thy tc gin.  	0
*** SPOILERS* ** Bt c iu g khc c th (hoc khng th) c ni v n, B mt c to ra mt cch siu mt.  	1
Cc rp chiu phim ch n gin l chong vng ( ni t nht) v fx khng l g nu khng phi l nh nc ngh thut.  	1
V mt khi nim, chng trnh cung cp mt cht tt c mi th-v cho tt c mi ngi (cha m, tr em, o tng v/hoc fx).  	1
V cng khng c mt nt schua no tc dng vi din xut-khn ngoan, hay, mt cch chc chn ng ngc nhin,  y.  	1
Tt c mi th u c cn nhc, mt cng vic rt tt.  	1
Cm n mt b phim nh th ny  c thc hin v pht hnh.  	1
Mt trong nhng b phim Mexico hay nht t trc n nay, v mt trong nhng b phim t c hiu hn, thm ch c bn thn mexican, cho d n c cm gic nh th no i na.  	1
N c xp hng cao nh mt v kch ln v ti phm ti phm, cc mn trnh din tuyt vi ca Belmondo v Lino Ventura.  	1
S ch  dnh cho tng nhn vt, v nhng bc chn dung tm l phc tp, chi tit v lng trung thnh, s phn bi, tnh yu, v hy vng, rt to ln.  	1
y l mt b phim xut sc, mt b phim kinh d xut sc, v mt b phim xut sc.  	1
Trn  vi phn tt nht ca Melville.  	1
Mi th v b phim ny ch n gin l phi thng  	1
Bn thc s thc hin cuc hnh trnh ny qua i mt v tm hn ca mt a tr.  	1
BLACK WATER l mt b phim kinh d  hon ton vt qua gii hn ca n (n l mt b phim c lp) bng cch lin tc lt  k vng ni ln nh mt tri nghim mnh lit.  	1
Cc bui biu din l tht v au kh, crocdodile c thc hin rt tt, qu thc nu trang web ca Black Water c tin l bi v h  s dng crocs tht v v tr m ly l tuyt vi.  	1
Ti rt thch n khi Christopher Eccleston nm quyn kim sot TARDIS v phn tip theo ca b truyn.  	1
Ti khng chc hn nh lm g vi b phim ny.  	0
Nu  l  bin ngy tt lnh ca ti tr thnh mt m ca nhng k nim kh chu hn l ti ngh ng y  thnh cng.  	0
C rt nhiu ni p.  	1
N b p buc, ging nh mi th trong phim ny.  	0
Li na, qu.  	0
y l ni m b phim thc s l pi * *ed me off.  	0
V ng c bt ti bt u vi my ci my quay phim ngu ngc .  	0
Khi ti nhn thy n trong nh ht ti ngh mnh s b bnh.  	0
Tm tt: s d dm khng phi l s d dm.  	0
Ti  ni l ti s b qua chuyn ny.  	0
Din xut rt t.  	0
Rt t.  	0
Thm ch Billy Bob cng khng th vt qua kch bn, iu  cn t hn.  	0
Quay phim ... mt ln na, Bad.  	0
nh gi: 1 trn 10.  	0
Mt tp cui tuyt vi cho b ba hay nht mi thi i ca BEST!  	1
Kieslowski khng bao gi ngng lm ti ngc nhin.  	1
ng l mt trong nhng o din yu thch ca ti, v l mt trong nhng o din ti nng nht trong lch s in nh.  	1
Vic s dng mu sc ca c Php trong ba b phim khng c g l khng th tin c, mi cnh quay, mi cnh u nh mt tc phm ngh thut.  	1
Ba trong s nhng b phim hp dn nht m ti tng thy.  	1
V mi lin h tinh t gia ba b phim tht tuyt vi.  	1
Ti phi  cp n iu ny v n l mt k hy dit khng l, ti thch kt thc, lm th no tt c cc nhn vt ca ba b phim l nhng ngi cn sng st ca thm ha ph, cng vi Valentine v cc thm phn tr cng nhau, v ng gi theo di trn TV ca c y, cng c hnh phc ca mnh vi nhng au kh m ng  phi chu ng trong nhiu nm qua.  	1
Ti khng th ngh ra cch no tt hn  kt thc phim, nhng mt n ci trn mt ti, cch tuyt vi  kt thc mt b phim v b ba tuyt vi!  	1
Ti  ngh iu ny cho mi ngi yu thch phim nh, phim nh, bt c th g ...Mt tc phm ngh thut!  	1
10 trn 10 cho c b phim v b ba.  	1
Ti  nn trong khi xem phim ny.  	0
Ti ngh ti l mt trong nhng ngi tm thy ci ny mt vin ngc trai ca Roth.  	1
Mn trnh din ca anh y, nh c trao, l  	1
Cu chuyn c k rt hng hn bi Francis Ford Coppola 25 nm trc , thc s khng c gp li v ri khi phng  cc nhn vt pht trin.  	1
Trong mt a im tuyt vi nht l mt cu chuyn v s tng phn.  	1
"Tt c trong tt c cc b phim c o din rt p t phim ""roeg"" ca Nicola mt dn din vin.  "	1
Ti ang dch phim cho mt ngi sng v y l b phim u tin trong 5 nm kinh nghim lm vic m ti  tm thy xc phm tr thng minh ca mnh.  	0
"Nhng khi ai  phn u v s v i v th ca, nhng li mang n mt cu chuyn bun ci (v thng l l bch), mt lot nhng cnh khc nhau, nhng cuc i thoi tn thnh ... Sau  bn s c mt b phim t nht m mt s nh ph bnh khc  nh ngha rt chnh xc l ""nhng th v vn"".  "	0
i vi nhng ngi tm thy b phim ny thng minh hay thm ch l ch mu, ti ch c th ni- l tr thng minh v tr tng tng ca bn m r rng l bn  tng c gng v thc hin mt s  ngha ca n lc ng thng ny (n nm trong bn cht con ngi ca chng ta  c gng v to ra cm gic v mi th).  	0
Mt iu na: Ti c th chu ng s bt n chnh tr rt tt, tt c ti dnh cho t do ngh thut v nh ch s hoi nghi, nhng nhn vt n Slav ch l qu nhiu.  	0
y l mt b phim vui nhn v hi hc.  	1
Rt th v  mi gc .  	1
N c mt mng ngoi ca cc loi ht ng nh, tm thn nhng ng yu.  	1
V vy, v nim vui ca chng ta, chng ta s thy chng chy vng quanh, chi tr chi, v tr nn nguy him.  	1
N thm ch c nhng khonh khc ngt ngo.  	1
Ngi sa cha in thoi thc s rt hi hc v phn ng ca anh ta i vi nhng tn trm in r v bitchy thc s l tht.  	1
Tt c cc nhn vt trong phim ny u c chi rt tt.  	1
V ti thc s thy chng bun ci.  	1
y thc s l mt b phim rt thng minh.  	1
C mt kt thc xut sc.  	1
""" Ti thch n.  "	1
Kt thc l qu hon ho ... anh s lm rch mt git nc mt.  	1
Ti rt vui sau khi xem mt b phim nh th ny.  	1
Ti s khng bao gi qun n by gi.  	1
N khng ch l mt gio phi ... m l mt s th cng c in.  	1
N c chiu su v tnh cch hn ngi n ng bn di.  	0
Cc thit lp Malta kh v cn ci nh i thoi.  	0
B phim ny tht kinh khng.  	0
Nhng cnh phim v khc cn cu rt khng khip, t v nh 5 tui, cc th mn ln  nhng bc nh rng 10 feet, v.v ...  	0
Vi nhng ngi cha tng thy, th ng ph thi gian!  	0
 gi b phim ny l mt b phim tht l bch!  	0
Bt u xem ci ny nhng khng tin vo bt c nhn vt no.  	0
c bit l mi quan h gia tr l tim bnh v c hu bn khng lm vic cho ti cht no.  	0
 l mt b phim rt hi ht v n cho ti cm gic ti ang xem v kch hn l mt b phim.  	0
Cc nhn vt rt 'nh tr' v ct truyn ging nh mt tr h sn khu.  	0
Vo thi im bn cung dm  t tr l ti chn nn v khng quan tm chuyn g xy ra tip theo v v vy ti  tt my.  	0
Mng l ti khng tr tin  xem n.  	0
Khng ci hay thm ch l ci mt ln.  	0
Nhng n khng phi l bt c iu g ...  	0
 l mt chng trnh rt hay  xem.  	1
N rt gio dc cho tr t 1 n 8 tui.  	1
Barney chc chn l ngi u tay.  	1
Tht bun ci.  	1
Babie Bop rt d thng.  	1
Bn tr cng rt tuyt.  	1
""" Nhng ""Storm Trooper"" thm ch cn khng  t  a n vo danh sch nhng b phim kinh khng tuyt vi.  "	0
Ch l chn thi.  	0
Ngi ni anh ta c cuc i thoi tt hn vi cy trng ca anh ta l ng.  	0
Mi th v b phim ny tht ngu ngc.  	0
Thm ch nu anh thch phim xu, th ng xem b phim ny.  	0
Tht ng xu h.  	0
Ti s cho b phim truyn hnh ny 10 cng thm nu ti c th.  	1
"Cc nh vn  ""v tnh"" v ti ngh rng nhng din vin v n din vin xut sc nht l mt phn thng cho chng trnh. Nhng nhn vt ny tht s rt tht.  "	1
Ti phi ni rng ti  ghi m hu ht cc tp phim v ti thy bn thn mnh nhn h ht ln ny n ln khc.  	1
By gi anh  bit ti sao ti cho n 10 +!  	1
Ti khng bit chnh xc n l g v b phim ny, nhng chng ti bm vo b phim ng yu ny v n  tr thnh mt phn c bit trong k c ca gia nh chng ti.  	1
Ti hon ton  ngh b phim ny cho bt c ai thch nhng b phim gia nh lnh mnh bi v  chnh xc l iu ny.  	1
Nhng iu m bn a tr t lm cho mnh tr nn rt vui nhn  xem.  	1
y l mt trong nhng b phim hay nht  ngoi kia.  	1
Th v hn nhiu, hnh ng hn, hi hp hn, v t tranh ci khng cn thit.  	1
Mi th t din xut n quay phim u l cht rn.  	1
Chc chn l phi kim tra.  	1
Damian rt ti nng v linh hot trong rt nhiu cch vit v miu t cc nhn vt khc nhau trn mn hnh.  	1
B phim ny c mt kha cnh ct gim.  	1
Ti rt vui mng c bit mt thin ti hin i nh vy ang  ngoi ,  cho nim am m ca Art l thc y anh ta v a chng ti ln lm khn gi vi anh ta.  	1
Nhn vt mi khng phi l tt c nhng g ng nh, v ti  qun mt ai l ai.  	0
Ti cm thy nh th c y n Ai-len chng l g c.  	0
N khng lm ti s hi, kinh hong, hay lm ti cm thng vi cc nhn vt; n ch n gin l kh chu.  	0
My ci my quay d hi cng kh chu lm.  	0
Ct truyn cng tng t nh nhng th kinh d r tin khc.  	0
C mt vi n lc ng thng hi  cho cc nhn vt c chiu su, nhng n khng thc s tc ng vo phn cn li ca ct truyn.  	0
Ti on  l mt cch khn kho, sau  soi sng tnh hnh, nhng tht l ngu ngc.  	0
Nu thy n, c l anh nn  n trn k.  	0
Elias Koteas, Jack Palance chi vai din tt khi Angelina ang nng bng v kha thn. Billy Drago xut hin trong phim ny v rt ngu nh thng l + mt cameo ca Sven ole Thorsen gip lm cho b phim ny tr thnh mt b phim th v vi din xut tt v mt ngn sch t t.  	1
y l mt b phim tuyt vi m ti  mua n t Ebay.  	1
Ti rt thch cu chuyn v con gu Poler rt d thng nhng nu ai  c cu hi v Fort Steele, hy hi:)  	1
B phim hon ton bun ci ny l qu ln so vi nh cao v thm hi v khng thc t trong sut 90 pht hnh ng tra tn ti c l  nhn vo chic ng h ca ti khong 700000 ln!  	0
Lucy Bell cn cao hn c ng phn ny v  c ta nh chm ci thp ny.  	0
Tt c nhng g b phim ny lm anh pht m khi xem tt c nhng k theo di  l l do cho hnh ng ngu ngc ca h trong 90 pht.  	0
Cha i, v ti khng bao gi c th ly li 90 pht!  	0
"Ti ngh nhng phn tuyt vi nht (theo ngha en, y ""k quan"") l on trch t cc tc phm ca ng.  "	1
Cc tp hp (c bit l thit k  lm vic vi my nh) l tuyt vi ... cch iu, p v hiu qu.  	1
Chng c th c s dng nh l biu mu cho bt k nh thit k no.  	1
Nhng cu chuyn l nhng khm ph mnh m v bn cht ca con ngi v ngh thut.  	1
Sau khi xem b phim ny, ti mun tm hiu thm v cc tc phm ca ngh s ny.  	1
Ti  ngh b phim ny cho bt c ai quan tm n ngh thut, th ca, sn khu, chnh tr, hay lch s Nht Bn.  	1
" y, trong cun ""The Wind and the Lion"", chng ta thy mt s kt xut tuyt vi v thi i hong gia ca nc M.  "	1
) iu lm cho cu chuyn ny khc bit l nhng gi tr sn xut tuyt vi-nhip nh, sng tc v bin tp-dn din vin tuyt vi-Brian Keith nh gi cao vai bt nt Teddy-v lch s sinh ng.  	1
"Mc d The Wind and the Lion c k phn ln thng qua i mt ca con trai, mi thnh vin trong gia nh c th xc nh vi mt trong nhng nhn vt, d l Sean Connery cao qu ca Sean Connand, n anh hng feisty ca Candace, John Huston's wily John Hay hay Steve Kaloy's ""radiant, radiant"", ""rang-do c thn"" ca Roosevelt, ""Big Stick"" ca Roosevelt.  "	1
y l cuc phiu lu cao nht.  	1
Ti ngh  l b phim hay nht ca Robert Ryans, bi v ng miu t mt ngi nh cha ti, v ng l mt ngi tm thn phn lit trong cuc sng thc, (cha ti) mc d ng khng bao gi git ai nhng li b nh hng nhiu hn th trong cuc chin tranh th gii th hai khin ng xu i.  	1
Phi hi hc mi c th qua c ngy hm nay.  	1
(M v anh trai ti phi lm iu ny) Khi ti thy Robert Ryan miu t loi ngi ny,  l mt s bt chc rt tt v loi ngi ny, v ti  rt n tng.  	1
Hu nh tt c cc bi ht trong Cover Girl u li thi v khng phi l rt ng xu h.  	0
iu kh chu nht v 'Cover Girl' l cch m Rita Hayworth c dng ln mt ci b.  	0
Khng may, 'Cover Girl' l mt v d v cch m Hollywood s dng  khai thc ph n v li ch ti chnh.  	0
S tng thut phi tuyn tnh nh vy c rt nhiu on hi tng v mi phn u c khp ni kh tt.  	1
Quay phim tt cng khin c y v Monica Bellucci trng rt p.  	1
Mt bi bnh lun tt v tnh yu ngy hm nay v chc chn l mt b phim ng xem.  	1
Vi nhng ngi ln u tin trong qu trnh sn xut phim, ti ngh h  lm mt cng vic tuyt vi!!  	1
N rt ph bin khi ti  rp chiu phim, mt ngi nh tt v nhng phn ng rt tt v nhiu ting ci.  	1
 l mt b phim cm xc v  l cm gic ca ti khi ti bc ra khi rp chiu phim!  	1
N c tnh hi hc pha bc v tch cc v cng ng m n i din.  	1
Ti thch n hn.  	1
Ti thch n.  	1
Ti khng th coi trng h c.  	0
N thc s to ra mt cm gic c o.  	1
Vivian Schilling  lm mt cng vic tuyt vi vi kch bn.  	1
Mt th gii tt hn 95% rc thi trong nh ht hm nay.  	1
Vai din ca c c din ra rt tt  	1
Khng qu ht ln khng phi vi nam tnh m l ng.  	1
My quay tht s thch c y trong b phim ny.  	1
Ti s ng vai c y trong vai  sau khi kch bn sn sng.  	1
Vi t cch l mt ngi chu u, b phim l mt s quay tr li thi ca ti vi t cch l mt sinh vin nm 1980 v nhng tri nghim m ti  sng  nc ngoi v tng tc vi cc quc tch khc, mc d hon cnh hi khc nhau.  	1
Ti l fan ca ... B phim ny t lm.  	0
Cn t hn l Ticker!  	0
V b phim  rt t.  	0
Ch c 3 hoc 4 ta nh c s dng, mt vi a im MAYBE, & ti nghip humh!  	0
N va n.  	0
B phim ny tht tuyt vi!Angel rt p v Scamp rt ng yu!Mu vng nh ca anh y khi hes s hi, v nhng phn hi hc nht l khi: Scamp b bt di tm rm v khi Angel v Scamp ang ht 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before' .I hon ton  ngh b phim ny, n s pht hnh trn phin bn c bit vo ngy 20.6 V bc b kp vo thng rc v Angel bn di np y.  	1
Ti ch c gng gii thch cho b phim ny hn l lng mn, quyn r, vui nhn v ng yu. nhng cnh bi ph liu tht bun ci, tt c nhng con ch in lon u c ci g  c bit. n c nhiu tnh nng mi!  	1
By gi chng ti c chn  b tra tn vi mnh t tuyn truyn kinh tm ny ca ngi M.  	0
Chng trnh ny c thc hin cho ngi M. N qu ngu ngc v y hn th  c tha nhn  ni khc.  	0
Hu ht mi ngi lin quan phi tr li trng hc, hnh ng hon ton c th d on v xu, kch bn l ng rc trn.  	0
Ti c g c th i vo nhng gi tr tiu cc, tha qu v?  	0
Cc tp phim rt t, chng s khng xut hin trong mt tp phim Thunderbirds.  	0
Vic s dng cc on lp i chm li khng cn thit phi lp li trong sut b phim nhng vn c h tr bi hnh ng xu (v xu l mt t tt), khng c s lin tc, nhng cnh c nm vo m khng c l do g, cc loi xe trng ging nh chng c lm t a Ng Flakes v mt phong cch o din tip gip vi s ngu ngc.  	0
Oh yeah, v ct truyn cng tht thm hi.  	0
Ti ght phi vit nhng bi nh gi xu v phim-c bit l nhng phim ti thc s thch ngi sao-nhng b phim ny tht t, ti khng tin vo mt giy m bt c ai cng c th t ho v n.  	0
Ti khng phi l mt nh lm phim, cng khng phi l mt o din, nhng ti s giu u mnh trn ct nu ti chi ht s tin v thi gian cho b phim ny.  	0
Ni tm li, y l mt s lng ph thi gian v nng lng v ti s khng  ngh bt c ai cho EER xem b phim ny.  	0
N c t do vi mt my DVD m ti mua nhng ti vn tt n i v ti thy xu h v Howell.  	0
1/10-v ch v khng c thit lp cho 0/10.  	0
Mt tin  th v, v Billy Drago lun gii nh mt k in nguy him (nt nhc: Ti rt mun xem Drago, Stephen McHattie v Lance Hendrikson trong mt cuc vui vi nhau; hy ni v chuyn cheekbones cung nhit!).  	1
Nhc phim cng khng t lm.  	1
Nhng din xut -- thm ch nhng chuyn gia nh Drago v Debbie Rochon-tht kinh khng, o din ti t hn (c l l ng gp cho trc y), hp thoi trng ging nh, v cng vic ca my quay phim, hu nh khng th tha th.  	0
"Tuy nhin,  l SETS c quy m ln ""10"" trn thang ""oy-vey"" ca ti.  "	1
Vng, ti ang n gin ha mi th  y v li ch ca s ngn gn, v iu ny thc s l ct li ca nhng vn  vi b phim ny-n c qu nhiu vic din ra m khng c bt k li gii thch thc s no.  	0
C hai u lm tt v kh th v.  	1
Nhng m mu phc tp khng thuyt phc c ti, v phn ln b phim c xem vi mt cch nhn k l, thc mc.  	0
Ti   bn gi ni vi ti xem ci  tng ti t ny, c hai chng ti u ght n.  	0
15 pht cui phim cng khng t.  	1
Bela Lugosi hon ton l nhng ng nt k l.  	0
Din xut l mt b phim bng g decidely, mc d khng t hn mt b phim thi k Universal B.  	0
Ti thch Armand Assante & cng ty truyn hnh cp ca ti nghe c v th v, v vy ti  xem n, hai ln ri, v c l s cn na.  	1
Ti tin rng nh bin kch  lm mt vic tt  tht cht cc kt thc.  	1
im s 8/10 ca ti ch yu l dnh cho ct truyn.  	1
Ti s khng ni na-Ti khng thch nhng tn cp, v vy ti khng mun l mt, nhng ti tin b phim ny xng ng vi thi gian ca bn.  	1
Wow, tht l mt b phim ti t.  	0
Khng ng s cht no, v khng th no hiu c.  	0
Ct truyn khng t hp li vi nhau, v din xut l hon ton kinh khng.  	0
Thm ch khng tt cho doanh tri!  	0
Ti khng ng l Oscar, nhng ci ny?  	0
Bn s phi c ch s IQ ca ng vt thn mm ngu ngc c bit  khng nhn thy iu .  	0
B phim ny (v ti s dng t  mt cch lng lo) l mt s xc phm ti cng chng.  	0
Nu ch c ai  lin quan n n bit cch ni li cu chuyn.  	0
y ch l 1 trong 10, n gin l v khng c g thp hn.  	0
y l mt ci ti khng c, nhng ti  xem n gn y trn knh Fox Movie Channel, v rt tht vng.  	0
Ti bit anh ta l mt cu th hp ng c t kim sot kch bn, nhng din xut cng t nh kch bn vy.  	0
Victor McLaglen thm ch cn xu, v Brian DonLevy gn nh khng th nhn ra.  	0
Xem xt cc mi quan h ngoi mn hnh gia Taylor v Stanwyck, tht ngc nhin khi thy mt cht ha hc trn mn hnh gia hai ngi h.  	0
Nhng tin  ca b phim tht l bch: Tng thng M  	0
Nhng cnh quay ci cht hon ton khng di chuyn.  	0
Th duy nht ti t hn vic din xut ca Taylor l ging ht ca Stanwyck.  	0
D nh sn xut ang lm g, th anh ta cng  b l.  	0
Ti  rt n tng vi nhn vt m ng  ng.  	1
Ti bit khi ti thy b phim m nhiu iu tuyt vi hn s n t mt din vin ti nng.  	1
Mt b phim trm r tin v hot no vin vi c tnh km, rt nhiu nhng k tht bi theo phong cch kh chu (ngh Chow Yun Fat trong A Better Tomorrow) v mt s so  b nm vo mt nh my b b hoang sn sng cho mt vi phi hnh t judo b hnh quyt. John Woo.  	0
Ngay c m ng cng trng kinh khng.  	0
Khng c im no trong cc th tc lm n trng ging nh nc M.  	0
Ct truyn, chng hn nh n l, l o hm v c th d on c rng kt thc ging nh mt v git ngi thng xt.  	0
Nhng cuc i thoi kinh khng v v vng bi nhng ngi b bn vo u mt s lng ph khng gian v thi gian.  	0
Ti  rt bt bnh vi b phim ny, nhng khng h s hi cht no.  	0
Cc cuc i thoi c sng tc bi nhng th khng c  ngha.  	0
Khong 30 pht cnh quay  b lng ph  th hin nhng din vin cao tui vng v vng v  lm cho mt thanh thiu nin tr nn en ti, gn nh lun lun trong ting Anh Olde, v i khi trong ting Latin c th c hoc khng c to ra. t ng.  	0
o din cng cu th hn.  	0
Hackneyed vit, chc chn, nhng thm ch cn t hn bi o din xu.  	0
Tt nhin, din xut l bla.  	0
Din xut ca ton b dn din vin c th c t trn mt quy m v cn bng hon ton gia vic din xut qu mc v km din xut.  	0
V cui cng, sau tt c nhng iu , chng ta s kt thc n s c gii quyt bi nhng ngi c thm quyn ch khng phi Jerry Falwell.  	0
Ti rt thch b phim ny, n l mt vai din tuyt vi ca mt gia nh ngi  c mt phn ca s thng ln v xung, nhng cui cng h bit rng tnh yu c bit m h dnh cho nhau.  	1
Ti  xem rt nhiu b phim c s tham gia ca Jaclyn Smith, nhng cha i y l mt trong nhng iu tt nht ca c y, mc d n ra i 12 nm trc.  	1
B phim ny c mt dn din vin ton sao, v nhng g ti yu thch nht l n m mt ti  xem nhng din vin khc m ti cha tng thy trc y.  	1
B phim ny c chiu di kh di, nhng ti rt thch n.  	1
Tng th ti nh gi b phim ny l 10 trong t l 1-10.  	1
Cuc i khng phi l khng kh n , nn nu ai  bit ca hng no bn n cho ti bit, bi v y l mt vic phi lm.  	1
Ti c bit nh cc gic quan ca ti b tn cng bi nhng si dy m nhc ni bt vi nhng li cnh bo rt t, v thm ch t c  ngha hn.  	0
 ch l mt loi pip c sng lc vo bui chiu  trng pht nhng ngi tht nghip v khng c vic lm.  	0
Hon ton khc bit, vi rt nhiu tuyn b v hi kch en ti, y l mt b phim t c xem, nhng nhng ai lm s nh n n.  	1
B phim ny to ra v tr ring ca n, v rt th v v mi mt.  	1
Nhng b phim ny thc s nh hng n ti.  	1
Nhn i.  	1
Ti thc s hy vng i bng ng sau b phim ny s lm nhiu phim hn, v rng h s tip tc lm nh vy trong chnh bn thn mnh, mt phong cch kh k l.  	1
V ti  qun: The Casting here i superb, vi Trond Fausa Aurvg hon ho trong vai tr ca Bothersome Man, ngi khng hiu anh ta ang  u, anh ta ang lm g v ti sao.  	1
B phim ny l mt bnh lun tt v hi hc v cuc sng vo nm 2006.  	1
Ti thy n di chuyn rt p, th v v nng cao.  	1
Ban u, cc a phng trong phim, c quay ti y ti Buffalo, gy t m cho ti.  	1
Sau  ti thy bn thn mnh b mt trong sc mnh ca b phim.  	1
Ton b khn gi hoan nghnh  phn kt thc ca b phim.  	1
Ti ri rp ht vi mt nim vui trong bc chn, nim vui trong tri tim v hy vng cho nhn loi.  	1
Duris c ngoi hnh lnh mnh v c mt mn trnh din tt.  	1
Phn cn li ca dn din vin cng chi tt.  	1
K thut quay phim ng ch  bao gm cc quan im tt ca Barcelona v cc thp Gaudi ni ting.  	1
Khong 10 pht trong b phim ny, ti bt u c nhng suy ngh th hai.  	0
Khong mt na so vi b phim ny ti bt u khng thch n.  	0
Khi b phim kt thc, ti khng nhng khng thch n, ti khinh thng n.  	0
B phim ny thiu mt kch bn c sc thuyt phc.  	0
Kch bn ny trng nh th ch l mt bn nhp th  c vit v quay phim bt u trc khi mt kch bn hon chnh c hon thnh.  	0
Chuyn xy ra, nhn vt c s thay i, ct truyn xoay quanh l khng c l do thc s no khc ngoi nhng li ku gi .  	0
Dn din vin tt.  	1
V iu , rt ng  kim tra.  	1
y c l l chng trnh gy kh chu nht m ti tng thy trong i.  	0
y l mn trnh din kh chu nht v ngu ngc nht m ti tng thy.  	0
Mi th v n u t hi.  	0
Ti khng th hiu ni, tn ngc no s to ra m hn n ny ngay t u m khng  cp n mt ma gii.  	0
Kch bn ny rt t, rt t-n cha c hai loi ph mai v tr a phi o c m bn thng thy trong b phim c nh gi R hoc NC-17.  	0
Vic tuyn din cng rt kinh khng, bi v tt c nhng g bn thy l mt din vin BAD thc s.  	0
Cui cng, chng trnh ny thc s l mt s tra tn!!  	0
 l thi gian xa xa ca thc ti.  	0
Theo di my git xoay quanh s khng lm tn thng mt bn nhiu nh chng trnh ny.  	0
nh Gi: 0/10 (Hng Hng: Z) Ghi Ch: Hin Th Qu T Ngay C M Ca Din Vin Ko Con Gi Ra Khi Chng Trnh.  	0
20th Century Fox's ROAD house 1948) khng ch l mt noir ng ngn, m l mt b phim khng ng k.  	0
y  cc nhn vt ba cng khng c sc thuyt phc m n c vit bi Edward Chodorov, ngi cng sn xut, v ng ngc nhin l o din bi Jean Negulesco, ngi m mt ngi mong i nhiu hn na.  	0
T y, nhn vt Widmark v tnh tr nn v tnh!  	0
Vic ng y mt tinh thn rt sm trong qu trnh t tng hon ton khng hp l v khng thuyt phc.  	0
V nu nh th khng phi l mt m hn n ca mt b phim cho bn-bc tranh cng b nh hng bi vic s dng lin tc cc b phim v ngi tiu dit trong nh.  	0
Bt c iu g  thc y mt b phim ti liu vt qu  	0
B phim ny l mt s tht vng ln.  	0
c qu nhiu vn  ti khng bit phi bt u t u.  	0
Dn din vin rt tuyt.  	1
steve martin mang n mt mn trnh din hi hc ca mt ngi trung nin, thng lu, ngi da trng.  	1
Bn c th thm vo nhng g bn c th lm c.  	1
nhng b phim  phm phi rt nhiu sai lm nghim trng.  	0
u tin, c  kiu rp khun chng tc v tr a chng tc  xc phm mi ngi.  	0
B phim c tht ra vi nhng li l phn bit chng tc i vi cc din vin da en v tr li nhng ngi da trng c m t l morons v ngc.  	0
Ngoi ra, t th ua sang mt bn, hy nhn vo l hng ln trong phim: h ph hy nhn vt ca lafa.  	0
Khng c m mu thc s.  	0
Ti s khng xem phim ny mt ln na  c t do.  	0
STEAMBOAT WILLIE l mt b phim quan trng v cng quan trng i vi lch s in nh.  	1
Ln xut hin th hai ca Chut Mickey (sau chic my bay cm b in u nm ) c l l b phim ni ting nht ca ng-hu ht l v n qu t ph.  	1
Trong khi bn cha nghe thy Mickey ni, c hng tn hiu ng m thanh v m nhc trong sut b phim -- iu m chng ta nhn c by gi nhng  l mt m ng khng l vo nm 1928.  	1
Tuy nhin, sau khi xem li on phim ngn ny sau khong 25 nm, ti  rt ngc nhin v vic b phim thc s khng bit bao nhiu thi gian.  	1
"Tht ng yu khi thy Mickey ang chi ""Turkey in the Straw"" trong tr tng tng cao  (nu thnh thong tn nhn).  "	1
Thng minh v mt m ng tht s ... B phim ny vn c xp hng trong s nhng b phim hay nht ca Mickey ngay c sau 80 nm tuyt vi.  	1
S phn cc ca tn cn  tn nhn (mt pht l mt k git ngi tn nhn, trong giy pht tip theo mt thng mi t lt ca Luv) l hon ton khng c sc thuyt phc.  	0
Ti v cng tht vng v b phim ny s nhn c nhiu gii thng v gii thng, c bit l khi c nhiu tc phm in nh xng ng hn nhiu.  	0
The original Body and Soul (1947) l mt kit tc.  	1
John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...v c quay bi mt trong nhng nh quay phim v i nht t trc n nay.James Wong Howe.  	1
Ti khng ngh l c nhng phm cht b li trong bn lm li ny.  	0
y c th l b phim ti duy nht ng tng thc hin.  	0
Tht t ...  ... tht l t.  	0
B phim ny l mt v d vng chc v mt m mu xu v mt  tng rt, rt ti t.  	0
Tht l xu h khi thy nhng din vin gii nh Thomerson v James ang sng trong mt m hn n nh th ny.  	0
Ti ngh n t lm.  	0
C hai b phim u khng khip, nhng  ghi nhn phin bn nm 1986, n  c ti nc.  	0
Hy bt u vi tt c cc vn -din xut, c bit l t v gio s chnh, rt, rt t.  	0
Kch bn l mt sai lm ln.  	0
V d tt nht cho vic vit ch cm nh th no khi n c xc nh l bn c th bin nhng sinh vin sng tr li thnh con ngi bng cch loi b mt si dy chuyn cha mt mnh thin thch.  	0
"o din Paul Matthews, ngi cng  vit/o din b phim qui vt nm 1995 ""Grim"", r rng khng bit lm th no  tng tc phim ca ng.  "	0
B phim v cng nhm chn  nhiu ni.  	0
nh sng tht kinh khng.  	0
B phim trng c v r v nht.  	0
Mt trong nhng kha cnh ng tht vng nht l s thiu ht gore ng ch .  	0
Cng c ny khng bao gi hot ng tt trong qu kh, v chc chn khng c tc dng  y.  	0
Cc hiu ng hnh nh kinh khng.  	0
Chui m mn hnh CG trong khng gian c v nh n c th  c to ra trn Microsoft Slideshow v Cha!  	0
"""V n"" ca cc bnh xng vo cui cng cng khng khip.  "	0
c ri, ti thch xem xt bn thn l mt nh ph bnh cng bng, nn ti s cho tn dng ni tn dng v ... hiu ng sinh vt thc s rt tuyt.  	1
Phi thch my ci rng nh ny ch!  	1
" tng hp li b phim, ""Breeders"" l mt b phim kinh d d t nn trnh c nh virus Ebola.  "	0
Khng nn dng.  	0
Anh ta gn nh khng th chu ni  xem trn mn hnh, anh ta khng c sc ht, v thi im hi hc khng khip.  	0
Bn cnh s lnh o khng khip, b phim ny c rt nhiu tranh lun khc.  	0
Ti hiu rng n c cho l mt v hi kch bng ng r tin, nhng khng c ngha l n phi hon ton xc phm tr thng minh ca chng ta, v  ghi li rt kh tin rng n bin gii trn chin dch tn cng.  	0
Ti nng ng k ca Lewis Black cng b lng ph  y, v anh ta ang  trong nht k khi anh ta khng b hn ch, m nh gi PG-13 chc chn s khng cho php.  	0
im sng duy nht ca b phim l Jonah Hill (ngi s trng gn nh khng th nhn ra c nhng ngi hm m ca Superbad gn y do s lng cn nng m ng  mt trong thi gian tm thi).  	1
Vi tnh c o v s ti mi ca b phim u tin  c s dng, bn remake ny c rt t  cung cp.  	0
Ngn sch r rng rt hn ch.  	0
iu ny c phn nh khng ch trong dn din vin, m cn trong kch bn di par, vn vay mn nhiu t c in trc .  	0
Tuy nhin,  y khng c din xut, hnh ng hay v tr tt  cn bng mi th.  	0
Filmiing t m rng hn.  	0
N  tht bi trong vic truyn ti nhng cnh quan phong cnh l mt phn tuyt vi ca bn gc.  	0
Ni chung, n ch thiu tr tng tng.  	0
Khng nn dng.  	0
C th no mt b phim c th t hn th ny khng?  	0
Khng c m mu g  y  gi anh i ngay t u.  	0
Ngay c khi nhng ngi ph n cui cng cng xut hin, khng c du hiu ci thin; nhng iu k vng nht xy ra v n lc phim kt thc, bn c th  ng xa.  	0
Hy cn thn, y khng phi l mt b phim kinh t, m l rc ri!  	0
Ti khng th tin c l cn c mt phn tip theo na!  	0
 chnh xc l l do ti sao ti li cho n mt bi nh gi ti t!  	0
L mt a tr 90 tui, ti thc s rt thch chng trnh ny v ti c th t ho ni rng ti thch n ln hn v thm ch cn hn c phim hot hnh c in ca WB.  	1
"Tuy nhin, ""Tiny Toons"" gi phn 90 ca n v mang n mt trong nhng b phim hot hnh ni ting, hi hc v c nh gi thp nht tng c to ra.  "	1
Nhng k c rt m m nhng ti ch c th ni rng ti thch mi tp v sn phm lin quan n chng trnh.  	1
D dng, khng c tranh bim ha no khc lm cho ti ci mt cch mm yu (trc khi i vo cnh quay phim en ti dnh cho thanh thiu nin).  	1
Cc nhn vt u hi hc v c tnh c bit ca khng c nhn vt chnh thc s.  	1
Mi nhn vt u hi hc v xng ng c gi l lnh o.  	1
Mi yu t ca cu chuyn ny u  trn nh cao, qu gi mo v cm thy au n khi ngi li.  	0
Nhng cu thoi ca c dng nh c vit bi mt ngi mi lm tui, mc d h ang c gng rt, rt kh c th ni nh th no mt tui mi lm tui, um, bn bit y, m ... ni chuyn.  	0
Perabo c mc nng lng tt v r rng l rt thoi mi trc mt my nh.  	1
Khng c l do g  bo cha cho vic ny.  	0
Ti thy b phim ny v ti ngh y l mt b phim ngu ngc.  	0
iu cn ngu ngc hn na l ngi  ngh ra mt  tng rng s c mt ngn ni la  Los Angeles?  	0
Thnh tht m ni, chuyn ny tht v ngha v ngu ngc.  	0
Kt lun, ti s khng bn tm n b phim ny bi v mt ngn ni la  Los Angeles chng l g ngoi v ngha.  	0
Cu chuyn tht khng khip!  	0
Ch au n thi!  	0
V ging ni hon ton l vc thm!  	0
Cng c  o c gi trong b phim ny  lm cho ti nn ma.  	0
ng lng ph thi gian  xem b phim v vn ny.  	0
Ti tin l Hc n  lm rt tt.  	1
Cc nhn vt rt th v v bn mun tm hiu thm v h b phim cng lu, v ti ngh mi ngi s ngc nhin bi nhng ngi lm v khng lm c.  	1
i xem i!  	1
B qua chuyn ny i.  	0
HI HC THT!  	1
im nh gi ca ti l 3 trn 10.  	0
Cc nhn vt rt th v v bn thc s quan tm n h.  	1
Mt bi ht c in, vi mt bn nhc phim tuyt vi v mt bi ht hp dn trong phn kt thc tn dng.  	1
ng b l.  	1
y l mt tc phm tuyt vi, vi nhiu ch  c m t v thnh thong si ni mn cc ny v tt c cc nghin cu v s bng n ca nh th, nhng nm chin tranh t mn, tri di trn khng gian ca London v s yn tnh bn ngoi mt cuc rt lui ven bin x Wales-ranh gii gia tnh hu ngh, dc vng v tnh yu, cng hin cho ngh thut v kinh nghim so vi nhng mi quan tm thc t, ghen tung, ganh ua, hn nht v t cao t i so vi ch ngha anh hng v t hy sinh v nhiu hn na.  	1
Mt kch bn trng thnh, tinh t gi  v thnh thong tp trung vo nhng cng thng c bn c phc v tt bi nhng mn trnh din hon ho (ngoi nhng n ci khng ph hp k l m Keira Knightley d b, mc d c l ang theo hng dn. Thi gian ny ging nh cc nhn vt khc thng  cp n n).  	1
Nhng trn tt c cc thnh phn hnh nh tinh t trong mi khonh khc, vi vic s dng sng to v thanh lch, gc chp v nh sng, bao gm c nhng cnh quay phim v nh, l mt iu k diu v nim vui khi nhn thy.  	1
N lin tc p mt  xem nh mt Bertolucci, nhng cc mi quan h  y l thuyt phc hn v cu chuyn k hn l mt s tc phm ca bc thy .  	1
Tin  c bn b lng ph v n b hn ch bi s tp trung khng th gii thch c trong on lm phim ti liu.  	0
Mc d vy, b phim tht bi  hu ht cc cp.  	0
Trnh bng mi gi.  	0
Ti  xem b phim ny trong dp Ging sinh, v  l mt b phim tuyt vi!  	1
Ti tng Errol Flynn xut sc nh l Custer v k t  tr thnh din vin yu thch ca ti!  	1
Din xut ca anh ta cng vi Olivia De Havilland rt thng minh v kt thc tht tuyt vi!  	1
Ti  lun bit rng Errol Flynn l mt din vin xut sc v ng y l din vin yu thch ca ti, v ti ln ln xem phim ca ng khi cn l mt a tr.  	1
Nhng khng phi cho n khi ti xem b phim m ti nhn ra anh y thc s tuyt vi nh th no.  	1
Ti s cho b phim ny 10 trn 10!  	1
Ti bit l Jim O ' Connor rt nng ng v khng ai c th l nhiu nh ng ta, nhng George th rt bun t.  	0
Anh ta thc s khng mun b dn chng trnh; ging ni ca anh ta l n iu, khng lin quan n cc v khch.  	0
Mt b phim kinh d ng yu t Hitchcock, vi rt nhiu shenanigans d thng bao quanh mt gin ip b git, mt a tr b bt cc, mt nh th bn thu, mt m mu ngoi lai v mt s ngi nh thu ngu nhin.  	1
Jimmy Stewart l mt ngi anh hng v i nht cho Hitchcock, cu chuyn tch cc n nh im ca n  mt chc nng i s qun, nhng n thiu s e da ca Hitchcock en v trng, ngn sch thp.  	1
Tuy nhin vn c mt b phim tuyt vi khc t tay ng ch v i.  	1
Ti phi ni rng b phim ny c sn xut rt tt v nh im l mt phim khoa hc vin tng in hnh!  	1
c sn xut bi mt trong nhng nh sn xut gii nht ca Sci-fi, Scot Vandiver!  	1
Nhng d sao cng l tr gii tr.  	1
 l mt b phim rt vui v  xem.  	1
Ch c mt khonh khc nhm chn trong phim v c rt nhiu b phn hi hc.  	1
Dn din vin lun mang tnh gii tr nh thng l.  	1
Nhn chung, mt nim vui!  	1
B phim ny tht kinh khng, n thm ch khng th c to ra.  	0
B phim thiu s s hi hay cng thng thc s v mt s thut ng y hc c s dng trong sut c v khng chc chn  ni t nht v ti ni rng  l mt bnh nhn tiu ng insulin ph thuc.  	0
t nht ni v din xut tt hn.  	0
B phim ny thc hin mt cng vic tuyt vi  tit l s phc tp ca nhim v v nhng thch thc ng kinh ngc i mt vi Nam Phi.  	1
Ti tin rng mi ngi nn xem b phim ny v ti ngh rng c rt t ngi  bn ngoi Nam Phi hiu c qu kh ca n v nhng g ang c c gng trong qu trnh thc v ha gii.  	1
Khng c g ngn gn trong qu trnh quay phim/quay phim tuyt vi trong b phim ny.  	1
Din xut rt tuyt vi, nhng cu chuyn c an xen vi nhau, v nhng con ch rt lng ly ... Mt ngi phi thu, xem hay thy.  	1
ng s ph .  	1
Din xut tuyt vi.  	1
Vn cn din vin gii!  	1
Cng l o din v nhip nh tuyt vi  	1
Rt ng vi Shakespeare, v mt 'phi' cho tt c ngi hm m ca Shakespeare.  	1
Macbeth (Jason Connery) a ti n nc mt vi monolog cui cng (tt nn ngn) ng cho qu cu ca s phn r o c v lc ti mt khun mt ngi, khin n tr nn th v hn.  	1
Helen Baxendale l mt c gi rt ng tin cy Macbeth ngi c th rt vui v v i khi c y trng nh mt c gi h hng, nhng cht ngi v mu v qu.  	1
Nu bn yu ci cht v s phn r, v li bi ht ca Shakespiars ... th y chnh l ci ny.  	1
y l mt s chuyn th d dm v th v ca cun sch ca Tin s Seuss, xut sc rc r bi s o ng tuyt vi v xng ng ca UPA v Gii Oscar.  	1
 cp c bit nn c thc hin bi nhc nn m nhc tuyt vi v hiu ng m thanh, y l mt yu t khng th thiu trong vic gip lm cho n tr thnh phim hot hnh ng nh v th v.  	1
"Tuy nhin Paul Schrader  thc hin mt b phim ""ni v"" Mishima l c hai siu phm v phc tp.  "	1
ng ch  l k thut quay mu sc p ca John Bailey v thit k sn xut v trang phc tuyt vi ca Ishioka Eiko, ngi tip tc thc hin nhng trang phc ng nh cho Dracula ca Coppola v c nhn c mt gii Oscar xng ng.  	1
Ngay c khi cho php cc gi tr sn xut km cho thi gian (1971) v nh dng (mt s loi nh), y l baaaaaad.  	0
"Tr khi anh ch ra ngoi  ""thu thp"" tt c cc b phim cn tn ti ca Austen, anh c th b qua ci ny.  "	0
Nu bn xem n, tuy nhin, c nhng s an i nh: Cc n din vin ng vai ch gi ca Anne lm mt cng vic tuyt vi vi vai din ca h.  	1
N khng tt.  	0
Ni v m nhc, n c th on trc c v khng th chu c.  	0
Sau , b phim va lm ri qu bng.  	0
y l mt b phim tuyt p.  	1
Th s v thch nghi.  	1
N ging nh mt v kch sn khu rt au kh, thng minh (nhng khng c cm gic sn khu qu mc thc s c c t vic quan st mi ngi trn sn khu) m chi vi ni khip s ca mi ngi v mt s di tr trng leo thang n nhng hu qu qui d.  	1
Tt c cc cu th chnh u m hoc.  	1
Tom Wilkinson  lm tan nt tri tim ti  cui ... v tt c nhng ngi khc ang phn xt v vn  bp bng cho nhng ngi n ng v bn tay i ln i mt gia nhng ngi n ng v ph n.  	1
Julian Fellowes  chin thng mt ln na.  	1
Hn l mt kho bu quc gia.  	1
I M XEM!  	1
y l mt b phim tuyt vi.  	1
Nhng cnh trn khng c lm tt lm.  	1
 cng l s cn bng gia chin tranh v tnh yu.  	1
"B phim mang li  ngha cho cm t, "" Khng bao gi trong lch s xung t ca con ngi  c n rt nhiu bi rt t ngi.  "	1
Kris Kristoffersen rt gii trong b phim ny v thc s to nn s khc bit.  	1
Mt b phim hay bi mt o din v i!  	1
y chc chn l mt trong nhng b phim ti liu tt nht m ti tng thy trong mi quan h gia nh v hn nhn.  	1
C rt nhiu sai st lin tc: mt ngi dng khc nhn xt trn nhng chic xe khc nhau trong gara, nh ga ca Joe ... k  cho ti bit nhiu nht l hnh dng tc trn mt ca Joe dng nh thay i t cnh quay.  	0
y ch l mt b phim tuyt vi.  	1
10 trn 10 sao.  	1
Ti khng th hiu c b phim ny c th l ngun cm hng cho bt c ai ra ngoi hay vt qua ni s hi v t chi.  	0
Tht l t, tht s ng  chng kin v l do .  	0
Cng vin Trng pht l mt tc phm xut sc ca in nh.  	1
B bn  sa mc min Nam California bng cch s dng phong cch ti liu faux bng sng ch ca mnh, Watkins to ra mt b phim nh khng c.  	1
y l mt trong nhng b phim d tip cn nht ca Peter Watkins.  	1
Ti khuyn anh nn cn trng.  	1
Anh s khng hi tic u!  	1
nh gi cao A +  	1
 ... Ch l nu anh c tip tc ngh n t n mc no.  	0
 l mt th v vn, khn kh, rng tuch, nc ci v d on.  	0
 l mt trng hp xu n ni nc ci.  	0
) Din xut rt t ng vai Angela Bennett, mt chuyn gia my tnh lun lun  nh.  	0
N l mt b phim khng c g, ch l mt ci c  cho thy nhng cnh hnh ng l bch.  	0
C y tht kinh khng!  	0
Nhng c vn l mt n din vin xu, lp li khun mt robot ca c y chuyn ng trong mi bc nh ca c y.  	0
Kt qu l mt s xu h.  	0
Hy xa b phim ny khi tm tr ca bn!  	0
Mt trong nhng chng trnh ti t nht mi thi i.  	0
Chng trnh s bt u vi nhng ci mng thng minh v bnh lun vi nhau rng s hon ton nm ngoi bc tng v khng ku gi.  	0
My tnh mp Geek tht khng th tin ni, l thumpon bipble, mt c gi h khng, nhng din vin ny l ai???  	0
Cha bao gi nghe ni n bt c ai ngoi tr Cole, ngi hon ton khng th tin c.  	0
"Mi ln anh ta m ming, anh mun nghe, ""anh thy bn tr ..."" Rt phch cm l mt v git ngi thng xt cho chng trnh khng khip ny.  "	0
Nhng cu chuyn khng th tin ni nh cc din vin.  	0
Khp khing l cch tt nht  m t n.  	0
Stanwyck v Morgan l mt din vin hon ho trong nhng g, theo nhiu cch, mt s tng ng hin i ca Dickens ' Christmas Carol trong tnh cm ca n.  	1
S thnh cng ca b phim ph thuc vo vic tuyn chn Sydney Greenstreet vi t cch l nhn vt Alexander Yardley.  	1
B phim hp dn s dng trong hu ht cc b phim l vin  qu.  	1
Ti cng rt hm m tr chi RPG, nhng b phim ny, l mt s  nhc i vi bt k s t trng no ca RPGer.  	0
Cc ng nt, ct, m thanh, mi th u sai.  	0
Bn c th tm thy nhng b phim hay hn  Youtube.  	0
ng ph thi gian v tin bc cho v ny, n cng t nh lc ny.  	0
"Mt b phim m ng l phi ""ng  ng"" ... MI MI  "	0
 l cch ti m t thi gian au n ny-waster ca mt b phim.  	0
V vy, tm thng  mi kha cnh m n tr thnh mt m hn n bun t, khng th v, y l mt trong nhng b phim hay qun nht m ti tng thy.  	0
"N thm ch khng phi l mt thnh tu nh mt b phim ""so-bad-it's-good"" hoc ""so-bad-it-ng nh"".  "	0
 l mt ci v rng rng ca mt b phim.  	0
Nghim tc m ni, n khng ng  lng ph thi gian ca cu u.  	0
Trnh, trnh, trnh!  	0
N s khin anh pht in!  	0
V chuyn nhng rt tt.  	1
Rt d thng v th gin mun bui ti.  	1
B phim y nhng iu nhy tuyt vi (v vy m c ta !  	1
) Mt loi nhc hay, v phong cnh tuyt vi.  	1
N x l mt s vn  kh khn vi phm gi v n sng, v, tt nhin, c (gy sc cho ngi khc  y!  	1
) Mt kt thc tt p, tuyt vi, vui v!  	1
im chnh l hnh trnh, mt cuc hnh trnh chm ti tng thnh vin trong gia nh.  	1
 l mt trong nhng b phim ti cn xem bt c khi no n n trn TV...ng bn tm n s tht l ti  ghi nh n!  	1
Khng c g mi.  	0
iu   c thc hin trong b phim th hai.  	0
B phim gn nh khng c cnh hnh ng trong  v rt t hi kch.  	0
Ct truyn c nhiu l hn mt cp v li c v hng i v chnh sa rt ng ngc nhin.  	0
Ci g Irons lm trong phim ny?  	0
Ti va xem phim ny v gii thiu n.  	1
N c mt ct truyn rt hay, n gi c s ch  hon ton ca bn, din xut l tuyt vi, Tom Wilkinson rt tuyt vi v Emily Watson cng rt gii.  	1
Mt b phim rt hay, v tnh yu tuyt vi v v iu kin.  	1
Nhn vt ca Tom Wilkinson l mt ngi n ng khng c chun b cho bn ordeal sp bt u, nhng anh ta  ly vt cht trong tay khi cu chuyn tin trin, v din vin tuyt vi ny cho mt mn trnh din khin bn cm thy s au kh v au kh ca nhn vt.  	1
Nhn vt ca Emily Watson rt mnh m, v c y ch quan tm nhanh v anh hiu mi th.  	1
Mc cho nhng nh ph bnh, ti thch b phim ny.  	1
Trn thc t, ti thch n hn l phng vn mt ma c rng v ti thch Lestat (Stuart Townsend) ny hn l n lc ca Cruise.  	1
Aailiyah kh gii vi Akasha,  nhng ni hp dn (li vo u tin v sn nhy mini u tin ca c).  	1
Ti l mt fan hm m ln ca lot phim ny ch yu l do phong cch ca Anne Rice, tnh nhy cm v phng php iu tr.  	1
Ti ngh ti thch chi tit ri lon chc nng ca anh ta -- anh ta ng tin.  	1
Cc cnh bng   cui phim  lm bi ri.  	0
Nhng ti ngh din xut ca anh ta rt iu luyn.  	1
Meredith M tt hn tt c cc quyn.  	1
Mt b phim rt quyn r vi tnh cm v tri tim tuyt vi.  	1
Tht him khi mt nh lm phim mt thi gian  k mt cu chuyn o c xng ng vi s chm sc v tnh yu khng ri vo ci by qu mc  hay qu mc  nung chiu.  	1
9 trn 10 cho mt b phim tht s ng yu.  	1
B phim u tin ny t govaluister Lucio Fulci tng lai l mt s b sung rt tt cho tiu th loi giallo.  	1
y l mt trong nhng cu th  xut sc nht ca thp nin 70.  	1
Mt cnh tng c lp.  	1
Cnh ny rt mnh v kh chu.  	0
V mt k thut, b phim c thc hin tt vi cc tc phm my nh n tng, din xut vng chc v m nhc hiu qu t Riz Ortolani-c bit l tt l mt ging n khng i km vi ging n nghe nh n n t mt ngn i xa xi.  	1
Mc d n vn l nhng th hoang d v c gii thiu rt cao vi ngi hm m ca in nh giallo.  	1
B phim rt th v t u n cui.  	1
Ti thch cch nhn vt ca Dustin Hoffman sn sng lm mi th   vi con trai.  	1
B phim ny cng tit l.  	1
C nhn ti ngh n cho thy mi ngi nn hc cch tm mt s tha hip m khng c lin quan n ngi khc.  	1
V n tht nhm chn.  	0
Ti  qu mt mi vi nhng so  ch l nhng ch vit li bing, v h n y rt nhanh.  	0
PS l cnh duy nht trong b phim tuyt vi l khi nhn vt trung tm tm thy cn phng ca c b n tung.  	1
 l mt hiu ng ti mi, tinh t v tinh t hn.  	1
"Mt nh ph bnh ngi  gi y l ""mt b phim nh, hay,"" v ng vy.  "	1
Tt c cc din vin u cho mt mn trnh din tuyt vi, c bit l Jennifer Rubin vai Jamie Harris, ngi thay i t ngi sao thn kinh trong s khi u qua nhng s kin k l m c l mt phn ca ngi sao tuyt vi.  	1
Bn hc hi rt nhiu v nhng cm xc thc s ca mi ngi trong b phim ny, v rt nhiu v chnh vic kinh doanh in nh.  	1
"B phim trong cc tnh hung trong phim ngay t u v qua tr chi c chi vi c bi ""hun luyn vin din xut"" rt th v.  "	1
m nhc ca Mark Snow cng c th l im tt nht m ti tng nghe.  	1
Anh s khng qun b phim ny u!  	1
Ti sao b phim ny c to ra?  	0
B phim c mt ci nhn siu r tin.  	0
Kt qu l mt b phim trng khng n.  	0
Khng ai tham gia hay th v.  	0
Ct truyn l nhng iu v ngha m khng quan tm n nhng cch d nh nht hay c s c o no i vi n.  	0
Ngi ngoi quc khng ng gi mt giy no trong thi gian ca ng.  	0
"Ti xem n nh mt a tr trn TV hi nm 1973, khi  l ""Ngi l"" v ti thch n.  "	1
Nhng bn song ca gia phi hnh gia v bc s ca ng  u phim l mt s trao i hon ho nu mt ngi cho rng b phim ny  c thc hin tt trong thi k Chin tranh Lnh v ni s hi ln nht ca nh du hnh v tr l ng  gp tai nn  Lin X.  	1
B phim ny tht tuyt vi!  	1
Ti thch n, n thc s ng s.  	1
Ti thch phim Scream v tt c phim kinh d v y l mt trong nhng th  .  	1
Nu anh mun c mt s s hi tht s.  	1
10/10  	1
y l mt b phim phi thng.  	1
Vi t cch l mt b phim truyn hnh, n rt hp dn, nh mt bn co trng v h thng t php Hoa K, iu  tht ng s.  	1
B phim ny nhn mnh nhng sai st c bn ca qu trnh php l, rng n khng phi l khm ph ra cm gic ti li hay s ngy th, m l v vic ai trnh by tt hn trong ta n.  	1
B phim c nh gi cao, nhn mnh v l mt trong nhng b phim ti liu tt nht m ti tng thy.  	1
iu ny ch yu l truyn hnh da trn thc t thng xuyn c c mt s thc y t hiu sut tt ca Cole.  	1
D on, nhng khng t.  	1
R rng l c y c tm hot ng v kh nng rt lui.  	1
C y mang theo b phim.  	1
Constantine cho mi th c cng  ng v dng nh c mt s hiu bit tt v ng c tm l c bn.  	1
N tht tuyt vi v y cm hng  xem, v ti hi vng n s c pht hnh mt ln na trong video hoc DVD.  	1
Lm th no m mnh rc ny c pht hnh vt xa ti: din xut, cu chuyn, cc nhn vt, nhng hiu ng c cho l c bit, ... .. tt c u sai.  	0
Tht ra, ci mi hi thi ny c mi ging nh mt ci my pht hnh trc tip.  	0
Trnh bng mi gi!  	0
Star Trek V The final Frontier l phn ti t nht ca lot phim.  	0
Nhng hnh ng t tt c lin quan v bao gm c nhng ngi nh Shatner v Nimoy u xu xa v ra sch v lm cho h c v gi nh h nhn vo cuc sng thc, nhng hiu ng c bit c khc phc ging nh khi Spock phi gii cu Kirk trn mt chic my bay phn lc khi anh ta ng xung t mt ngn ni.  	0
Nhng n lc hi hc tht ng thng v xu xa n ni khng th chu ng c nhng suy ngh v c bn lin quan n mt ngi Vulcan n cp Enterprise  tm Cha (nghim tc) Ti ch khng quan tm n bt k b phim no v oh khng  cp n Uhura lm mt ci bng khiu v  nh lc hng lnh gc nam  	0
Ni duy nht tt cho b phim ny l trong thng rc.  	0
iu t nht ca b truyn.  	0
Chnh sa: Vic bin tp phim ny l hin tng trong  kin ca ti.  	1
Khi mt bi ht c th gii thch nhng cm xc ca cc i tng tt hn, chng hn nh khi cuc sng khng may ca Jay Adams l mt ch  ni chuyn, bi ht Old Man ca Neil Young  c chi, iu ny gi ln nhiu cm xc.  	1
Cinematography: B phim c quay mt cch th v.  	1
Tt nhin on phim t nhng nm 70 tr nn ni ting, nhng iu  ch lm tng cng b phim.  	1
B phim ny mang n nhiu nim vui v nhng bt ng.  	1
"Khi Achille v Philippa ht mt bn song ca hon ho t ""Don Giovanni"" miu t hon ho tnh hung ca h trong b phim, bn trn trng nhng lp tinh t ca b phim tuyt vi ny.  "	1
Cu chuyn din ra trong trn Jutland th k 18 v vic s dng nhc thi k c chi trn cc nhc c thi gian ch l mt cm xc tinh t hn.  	1
Bn chia s nim vui tinh t ca i tng Loewenhielm trong vic tham d Cailles en Sarcophage ngay c khi bn ang xem mt b phim-nhng bn ch mong mun mt mu nh  nhm nhong.  	1
Nhng b phim nhn mnh ny  li n tng lu di.  	1
S m p m n to ra l tri ngc vi s li li ca n.  	1
Bn s ri rp ht mun ra ngoi v nhy ma di nhng ngi sao.  	1
Din xut, nh anh mong i t dn din vin ny, l nh cao.  	1
Cc nhn vt c chn ra ngoi mt cch ng ngc nhin, c bit l Grimes v Blake, v tt c cc din vin cung cp cc dng kch bn mnh m ca h vi ch mt lng li b tc trong m  lm cho i thoi c hi hc v thc t.  	1
Angus Scrimm cng xut hin trong mt vai din tt trong mt vai din ngn ngi nhng ng nh nh mt nhp  nh nhng, chi violin Doctor Quinn.  	1
Kt lun l ti thch n.  	1
 lu lm ri ti mi gii tr vi mt b phim.  	1
Ti phi u tranh  tm ra bt c iu g xu  ni v n.  	1
Hy nh li ti, y l mt trong nhng b phim th cng nh Evil Dead 2 hay Phantasm m mi ngi vn s khm ph v yu 20, 30, 40 nm xung dng.  	1
Tht ngc nhin khi b phim tuyt vi ny c thc hin vo nm 1949, nh Hollywood thng c nhng ci u tp th trong ct lin quan n cc vn  en trng ti thi im .  	1
B phim xng ng c nhng kudo mnh m  thc hin khn i ny, v c din xut c bit t dn din vin c bit n nhiu nht ca n v cho kch bn siu thng minh khng xc phm khn gi hoc thc hin phn bit chng tc d dng.  	1
Thm vo , vi ngn sch kh khim tn v thi gian chy nhanh,  l mt cng vic tuyt vi!  	1
Juano Hernandez (mt din vin xut sc ng vai ph trong nhiu b phim ca thi i) l mt ngi n ng da en kiu hnh b buc ti git mt ngi n ng da trng  min Nam.  	1
Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  	1
Hy xem n vi cc con ca bn nu bn c mt c hi -- n s m ra mt hp thoi tuyt vi v cc mi quan h trong vng 50 nm tr li y.  	1
Hy xem c hai b phim nu c th.  	1
" l nm , tuy nhin, iu  nhc nh chng ti rng Huston vn ang  trn nh ca tr chi ca mnh nh l s th hin bi s thch nghi trung thnh ca tiu thuyt ""The Dead"" ca James Joyce.  "	1
Cm xc, suy ngh ...S kh chu ca Gabriel trong sut ... tt c nhng bc nhy v hnh ny n cuc sng v n trong tm hiu bit ca ngi xem trong vai din ca Huston.  	1
Rt tht vng v t hi lm th no n c th nm trong danh sch rt gn ca Oscar.  	0
N rt chm.  	0
Rt nhiu l trong ct truyn: khng c g v cch ng tr thnh hong ; khng c g v ni ng dnh 20 nm gia tui th v tui trng thnh ca mnh.  	0
) ng ph thi gian.  	0
End of Days l mt trong nhng b phim hnh ng ngn sch ti t nht m ti tng thy.  	0
Anh ta chc chn khng bit lm th no  lm mt b phim hnh ng mch lc t nh bin kch ca Air Force One, ngi ch c ngha v vit kch bn ch vi mt s tin ln.  	0
y l mt trong nhng b phim ti t nht m ti tng thy.  	0
Ti vn ang c vt qua chuyn  t n mc no.  	0
B phim ny c th l mt trong nhng tc phm kinh d sng to nht t trc ti nay.  	1
N c tt c nhng g bn c th mun ... hi hp, kch tnh, hi kch, ri lon con ng, ngi M bn a, n no ... Nu cc bn ang tm kim-tt c, kt thc-tt c nhng b phim ht mu, khng nhn xa hn na.  	1
""" Vi hiu ng m thanh tuyt vi, v hiu ng c bit n tng, ti khng th gii thiu b phim ny .  "	1
Hy gi ti l k in, nhng ti ngh y l mt trong nhng b phim hay nht.  	1
Cc din vin chnh ca Telly Savalas v Peter Boyle.  	1
1 gi 54 pht ca tedium, kch tnh v din xut kinh khng, mt ng kch bn, v cm gic chm m ca good lord, h ngh g vy?  	0
C rt nhiu l hng trong kch bn.  	0
N ging nh mt b phim truyn hnh hai gi ti t vy.  	0
By gi hy tng tng mi mt trong nhng quyt nh  u sai.  	0
Cuc i thoi tht kinh khng.  	0
Din xut vt ra ngoi vc thm.  	0
Mi th bc mi.  	0
Vn  l vic vit kch bn v o din lm cho n khng th thit lp nhng th lm cho mt b phim c th s dng c, nh nhn vt, cu chuyn, ch  v vn vn.  	0
T hn na, c mt m mu yu t n cc k yu trong  theo sau mt nhm ngi Manlonite nh tui khi h i tm mt phng vin, ngi ang vit mt cu chuyn v ngy k nim cc v git ngi.  	0
Tht l ngu ngc v v ngha, v lng ph thi gian.  	0
Ni ngn gn, ng bn tm vi b phim ny.  	0
Ti s khng lm hng n, nhng kt thc kh l tuyt vi.  	1
Cnh hay nht trong phim l cui cng, nhng ti s khng lm hng n.  	1
Nu c mt du hiu cho thy mt nh vn v mt o din c kh nng s dng hai tnh kh d bay hi cao thnh mt lin minh lin mch ca s sng to, th y chnh l n!  	1
Kt qu l mt thnh tu mnh m, c l lc ny c l v nn vn ha ca chng ta ang quy ri nim am m vi ngi ni ting, v  l cch din gii b bp mo ca s ni ting.  	1
Mt b phim khng d qun.  	1
Nhng, Kevin Spacey l mt ngi xut sc, sng thn bng li ni nh Buddy Ackerman-v hon ton ng tin bi v ng l mt din vin tuyt vi.  	1
Kch bn ca b phim hi khng khp vi bt k b phim no trong nhng nm gn y.  	1
Cc nhn vt rt th v, ngay c khi c th on trc c.  	1
c nh gi cao trong mi la tui, mc d b phim tr c l s khng nh gi cao mt s tham chiu tinh t hn, h chc chn s nh gi cao mt cnh galley ni ring!  	1
Phim hay qu!  	1
Cu chuyn v din xut rt yu.  	0
Vo khong 4 gi ti, ti  mua n, vo khong 8 gi chiu ti bt u xem, vo khong 8.15pm ti nhanh chng chuyn tip b phim cn li  xem liu c bt c th g c th c ti nc cho mt con ngi vi mt b no ... nhng khng c.  	0
D sao th, t tht.  	0
Kch bn qu ngu ngc.  	0
Cu chuyn bt u qu nhanh v hon ton khng b hi hp hay tch t mt cht no.  	0
Mi th i y Howdy ni u l nc ci hoc l ngu ngc.  	0
Ci qui g th?  	0
Ri, c mt m mu.  	0
Anh c th li mt chic xe ti vo my ci l ny!  	0
Linda Cardellini l th duy nht tt p trong b phim ny.  	1
C y  sn sng v tuyt vi.  	1
Dee Snider ch n gin l chn cht.  	0
Anh ta khng th hnh ng (mt trong nhng nhn vt phn din ng s nht m ti tng thy), anh ta khng th vit (anh ta vit cun phim cht tit ny trong gic ng?  	0
Ti thy chn ci chuyn cht tit ny ri.  	0
Din xut tht t, m nhc t hi, kch bn d t, nhp  t hi, FX c bit, o din d t ... v c bn, b phim ny tht t.  	0
B phim ny c gng tr thnh mt b phim kinh d/kinh d nghim tc v tinh vi v n tht bi thm hi.  	0
y c l l mt trong nhng b phim t hiu qu nht m ti tng thy trong i.  	0
Mt mnh rc in nh c chp  celluloid.  	0
Trnh bt c gi no v mi chi ph.  	0
 tc  no, b phim ny bc mi, khng hi hc, v Fulci nn  li vi giallo v nhng b phim siu nhin zombie.  	0
Trnh b phim ny bng mi gi.  	0
Ti khng bit chuyn g  xy ra trong ma 5, mt m hn n.  	0
Ch c duy nht si ch kt hp vi nhau l nhng mn trnh din tuyt vi ca Leni Parker v Anita LaSelva trong vai hai ngi Taelon trong cuc xung t l tng.  	0
y l mt b phim m ti thc s khng thch.  	0
y l mt trong nhng b phim kinh d nhm chn nht 90 ch yu bi v n bt u chm ri v trung tm trong mt bu khng kh nhm chn.  	0
Nhng con ri trng rt l d gio, khng phi theo cch tt nh trong phim 80.  	0
Cu chuyn tr nn khp khing, khng th v v khng bao gi thc s gii thch v ngun gc nham him ca nhng con ri.  	0
Khng c nhng cnh cht nh trong phim trc v f/x tht kinh khng.  	0
Ti cm thy bun ng ngay ln u tin ti xem n, nn ti c th gii thiu n cho bnh mt ng.  	0
S tht l, b phim ny l mt cu chuyn tuyt vi v hai ngi theo ui c m ca h.  	1
"Phn hay nht ca ""Y t Betty"" l khng th on trc c.  "	1
o din Neil LaBute s dng bo lc tn bo  lm h hi nhng gic m khi thc t, v cng vi b phim cm ng, v hi hc hi hc, bn khng bao gi c th k chuyn g s xy ra tip theo.  	1
Nu khng, ng ph thi gian vo chuyn ny.  	0
Ci ny khng th to ra s hi hp tht s.  	0
Cn v tn st nhn, ng mong ch iu g  nguyn bn hoc thm ch l ng s.  	0
Tuy nhin, c mt s din xut kh tt (t nht l cho loi phim ny).  	1
Ti xin li nhng ti khng th gii thiu vi ai c.  	0
Mt trong nhng b phim nhm chn nht m ti tng thy.  	0
Ct truyn th cp l khng th hiu c v mi quan h ca n vi dng ct truyn chnh l v cn c.  	0
Ght n.  	0
y l mt trong nhng b phim ca Sandra Bullock t nht k t Speed 2 nhng khng t n th.  	0
Ti khng hiu lm th no m rc ri li c trn k ca ca hng in nh, n thm ch khng phi l mt b phim tht!  	0
Ti rt nghi ng rng bt c ai cng c th nh ng rc ny.  	0
y khng phi l lm phim.  	0
Din xut ging nh xem nhng con ri bng g di chuyn xung quanh v c sch t mt cun sch, iu  t n mc no.  	0
Nn ti  y  cnh bo anh ng cho thu b phim ny,  l iu ngu ngc nht m anh cha tng thy!  	0
Ti  xem b phim ngn ny trn HBO ngy hm trc v hon ton yu thch n.  	1
Ti  khng nhn ra cuc sng tuyt vi n mc no cho n hai cnh cui cng.  	1
Phim ngn xut sc.  	1
Hy vng rng o din James Cox c th quay phim ngn thnh mt b phim di vi cng dn din vin, hoc thng chng ti vi mt b phim hon ton mi.  	1
Ti ng  vi Jessica, b phim ny kh t.  	0
Cc nhn vt l mt chiu, ngay c nhng ngi tt v c bit l nhng k xu.  	0
Cu chuyn hon ton d on.  	0
Khng nhiu i thoi, khng c nhiu m nhc, ton b b phim c quay nh cng phu v thm m nh mt tc phm iu khc.  	1
Ti  xem phim truyn hnh thng minh hn b phim ny.  	0
Nhn vt xu, chuyn xu v hnh ng xu.  	0
Tht kinh khng.  	0
Khng d  theo di.  	0
Hi hc, thng minh, ging nh b phim trc ca Pray, Hype!  	1
 l mt thi gian di m ti khng thy mt din vin c sc ht trn mn nh.  	1
Paolo Sorrentino  vit mt cu chuyn tuyt vi v s c n v Tony  xy dng mt trong nhng nhn vt kh qun nht c thy trong cc b phim trong nhng nm gn y.  	1
B phim khng hon ton hon ho nhng 'Titta Di Girolamo' s  li vi bn mt thi gian di sau tm nhn ca b phim.  	1
Ti nh gi b phim ny 9/10.  	1
Ti khng bit liu y c phi l s ra mt o din ca Emilio Estevez, nhng nhp , s tng tc v pht trin ca cc nhn vt cng nh mt s cng vic my nh thng minh xung quanh nhn vt Estevez chi tt c u gi  mt con mt t nhin.  	1
S tng tc gia Martin v Emilio c cng mt th m chng ta  thy  Wall Street vi Martin v Charlie.  	1
"Kathy Bates rt tuyt vi cc nhn vt trong s tuyt vng v ch ngha vt ngc; mt s thay i nhn vt ca c trong ""At Play In The Fields Of The Lord"".  "	1
i vi c gi  xem mt trong nhng b phim ca Miyazaki: ng vn cn  dng hng u v  tri qua mt tri nghim ng gi khc.  	1
N khng bao gi ha hp, tt c cc nhn vt u c tri tim chn thc v nhng vn  ng tin cy.  	1
Hai nhn vt chnh c th l hai trong s nhng a tr ng tin nht m ti tng thy trn mn nh.  	1
H rt d yu, nhng thm ch d dng hn  xc nh.  	1
B phim ny tht tuyt -- c bit l nu bn thch ngh thut th gic.  	1
Phong cnh hai c con gi v v chp nh rt p.  	1
Cu chuyn ny cng va hi hc va chm ngi.  	1
"Nhng ngi thch phim chu u v ""phim ngh thut"" s thch b phim ny.  "	1
y tht s l mt b phim ngh thut. N thc s c rt nhiu ngh thut trong .  	1
i thu i.  	1
Tuy nhin, sau khi xem b phim ny, ti nhn ra rng khng ch c mt tm tr khp kn m n m t, ti cng thy mnh xem n ht ln ny n ln khc.  	1
 l mt b phim khng bao gi ngng quan tm n ti, n gin v n khin ti cnh gic, khi ti c gng  gii m n.  	1
ng vy.  	1
Nhng nu bn thch nhng b phim nh The Matrix (v hn na, cc phn tip theo ca h) Ti ngh bn s nh gi cao nhng suy ngh khiu khch, lu tm tri nghim b phim ny s cho bn.  	1
Ngh v b phim nh mt gic m.  	1
Rt p.  	1
C Rickman v Stowe u ng vai tr ca h trong cu chuyn v mt nh vn vit sch ca tr em, c l? --  vit ra mt ng ngm.  	1
 l mt nim vui th v, nhanh chng v kh chnh xc v m ca mt con raver.  	1
N trnh by mt vai din ng nh nhng nghim tc v nhng thng trm ca cc nhn vt sng.  	1
"D c lm g i na, hy trnh ""Groove"" l bi lun ca tt c nhng g tt v giao thng ca con ngi.  "	0
Tht t khi mi ngi tham gia khng chia s mc  cht lng ca Crowe, v nu c, chng ta s c mt b phim tt hn nhiu so vi m hn n nh ny.  	0
B phim c v hi chm chp lc u.  	0
Nhng n  tng tc v tin thng vo vn .  	1
"N cho thy chnh xc cch m chnh ph v nh khoa hc tranh lun cho nhn loi v nhng l do ca ""thit b"".  "	1
Ti rt thch.  	1
Ti  gii thiu n cho bn b.  	1
Ti c bit hi lng vi kh nng din xut ca Dwight Schultz.  	1
C hai din vin thc s hiu v tr thnh nhn vt c bit ca h, mang n mt mn trnh din thuyt phc,  	1
Ha hc trn mn nh ca h, rt quan trng i vi ton b b phim, l tht.  	1
Cuc i thoi ca b phim l t nhin, thc t i vi cuc sng.  	1
Nh vn, Gorman Bechard, chc chn  lm bi tp v nh bi v tt c cc ti liu tham kho u l ngnh cng nghip v nhn vt thch hp.  	1
Nhc nn tuyt vi thc s nm bt c bn cht ca b phim.  	1
Mi ln theo di cm tnh, thc s gp phn vo cnh v nhn vt.  	1
Chc chn xng ng  thy ...  l kiu suy ngh v b phim khiu khch m buc anh phi t cu hi v ngng c n ca chnh mnh.  	1
"B phim mi nht v th tm ca Miyazaki Hayao cho Studio Ghibli, ""Gake No Ue No Ponyo"" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) l mt ci nhn tuyt vi v giu tr tng tng thi th u.  "	1
Vo thi im m dng nh b phim hot hnh  b chi phi bi cc kit tc CGI ca Disney/Pixar, c hai u c lm mi v an i khi bit rng Miyazaki vn da vo hot hnh v tay truyn thng  k nhng cu chuyn quyn r v quyn r ca ng.  	1
Khng th ni v hnh nh hot hnh ng ch  trong phim ny.  	1
Phong cch ngh thut c s xut hin ca cc bn v bt ch/bt ch v c mu sc tuyt vi v k l.  	1
Nu bn din trong mt b phim nh vy, bn nn vui mng v bn s tri dt khi tri t cng xa cng tt!  	0
Ci ny mun lt sng nh trong cc b phim khng gian vo nm 1998 (Deep Impact v Armageddon), v ci ny tht bi  khp mi ni.  	0
Nu bn khng b ngt th trong s nn ma ca chnh mnh (bi tt c cc b phim truyn hnh r tin v nhng cuc i thoi v gi tr) bn  phi t lm cho mnh bun chn n cht vi s lng ph thi gian ny.  	0
Tuy nhin, n to ra cho tt c nhng iu ny vi mt kt thc siu sao m t mt chic tu bin ln ang b chim bi bng gi cc mnh.  	1
Ch cn xem xt cu chuyn xut sc, din xut chc chn v xem b phim nh thm tin thng.  	1
Thay vo , chng ta c mt cuc vui v v mt a tr h hng, h hng.  	0
Ri ti xem phim mt ln na vo hai Ch nht trc y (ngy 20 thng 3 nm 2005) v ti bt u thc s tn hng n v ln ny ti  ghi m ton b.  	1
y l mt b phim c thc hin rt tt v lm phim truyn hnh.  	1
Judith Light l mt trong nhng n din vin yu thch ca ti v ti ngh c y thc hin mt cng vic tuyt vi trong b phim ny!  	1
Ti lun di theo n.  	1
 l mt b phim bun, nhng rt tt.  	1
Nu bn cha xem b phim ny, ti s gii thiu n!  	1
C y cng ng yu nh thng l.  	1
Vn cn kh th v v th v  theo sau.  	1
;) Khuyn khch vi t tin!  	1
B phim ny rt cn bng vi hi kch v kch ngh v ti rt thch th vi bn thn.  	1
 l mt cuc bo lon khi thy Hugo Weaving ng vai mt nhn vin bn hng bt ng sn ng tnh b m nh gii tnh, ngi s dng nh ca khch hng ca mnh cho b binh ca mnh vi chic Darren (Tom Hollander).  	1
:) D sao i na, ct truyn chy trn tru v cc cnh quay nam gii l mt ci chn khng.  	1
Trnh t m u ca vin  qu ny l mt tr chi c in, v mo theo di l nim vui  xem.  	1
Ngi hm m th loi ny s  trn thin ng.  	1
Lange  tr thnh mt n din vin v i.  	1
N ging nh mt cu chuyn tuyt vi.  	1
Ti cha tng bc ra khi phim nhanh hn.  	0
Ti ch thy bun chn khi thy Jessice Lange ly qun o ca c y!  	0
Tht khng may, bt k c hnh no trong cng vic sn xut phim u tht bi trn mt kch bn ng tic.  	0
Ni mt li, tht l xu h.  	0
Cc k t!  	0
Tt c u xc phm tr thng minh ca mt ngi v mt s lng ph tin bc khng l.  	0
Wow ... Yu ni ny.	1
Lp v khng tt.	0
Khng ngon v kt cu cng kh chu.	0
B chn li trong k ngh cui thng 5 ngn hng ngoi Rick Steve khuyn co v yu thch n.	1
Vic la chn thc n rt tuyt vi v gi c cng vy.	1
By gi ti ang tc gin v ti mun ci phc ch cht ca ti.	0
Honeslty n khng c v ngt.)	0
Khoai ty ging nh cao su, v bn c th ni rng chng  c to ra trc thi gian b gi di ci m hn.	0
Khoai ty chin cng rt tuyt.	1
Mt cm xc tuyt vi.	1
Dch v rt nhanh.	1
S khng quay li.	0
Ngi thu ngn khng h quan tm n nhng g ti phi ni rng n  b gi qu cao.	0
Ti  th Cape Cod ravoli, g, vi cranberry ... mmmm!	1
Ti thy gh tm v ti kh chc  l tc ngi.	0
Ti b sc v khng c du hiu ch ra tin mt.	0
 ngh rt cao.	1
C hu bn hi chm mt cht.	0
Ni ny khng xng ng vi thi gian ca anh, hy  mt mnh Vegas.	0
khng thch cht no.	0
Burrittos Bla!	0
Thc n, tuyt vi.	1
Dch v cng d thng.	1
Ti khng quan tm ... Bn trong rt p.	1
Nn h  biu din.	1
ng ri ... ci th ny ngon qu.	1
-H cha bao gi mang sa lt m chng ti yu cu.	0
Ci l ny trn tng c h thng tacos ng ph ln ca Mexico, v i ng nhn vin thn thin.	1
Mt mt gi  ly  n ca chng ti ch 4 bn trong nh hng thc n ca ti l Luke m p, chng ti  chy quanh y nh th anh ta  hon ton b chong ngp.	0
T nht l mn sashimi c hi.	0
Ngoi ra cn c combo nh bnh kp tht, khoai ty chin, v bia cho 23 l hp ng t t.	1
y l c nh cui cng!	0
Ti  tm thy ni ny bi tai nn v ti khng th hnh phc hn.	1
c v l mt ni rt nhanh  n mt ming thc n quen thuc, nhng hy lm cho mnh mt c n v nhn ch khc i.	0
Nhn chung, ti thch ni ny rt nhiu.	1
Cht lng phc hi duy nht ca nh hng l n rt r tin.	1
Nhng phn phong ph v gi c tt.	1
Ti nghip, ngi phc v lm ti cm thy mnh ngu ngc mi khi anh ta n bn.	0
Chuyn thm u tin ca ti vi Hiro l nim vui!	1
Dch v d t.	0
Tm mm v m.	1
Khng c tha thun no  tt  ko ti vo c s  mt ln na.	0
Kh c th phn xt liu nhng mt ny c tt hay khng v chng ti  c thu v bi bt nc nng chy v khng mun n n v s b bnh.	0
V mt tch cc, my ch ca chng ti rt chu o v cung cp dch v tt.	1
Nhng con ngi xu xa gh tm, vi nhng ngi t nht ng sau quy thu ngn.	0
Th duy nht ti lm nh xng sn v phn trng ming.	1
Tht t khi thc n qu chung chung.	0
Bnh m l tht b ngon, nu chn va ng.	1
Nu anh mun mt ci bnh sandwich th c i n nh cu ha no! !!!	1
Mn salad Hy Lp ca ti vi mn n Hy Lp ngon lm, v bnh pita v hummus rt mi m.	1
Chng ti t cho vt him v mu hng v mm  bn trong vi mt ci char p  bn ngoi.	1
Hn chy theo chng ti khi hn nhn ra chng ti  li knh rm trn bn.	1
Mn n ca chng ngon lm!	1
H c thi  khng khip i vi khch hng, v ni chuyn vi tng ngi khi khch hng khng thch n thc n ca h.	0
Phn  rt ln!	1
Yu ... my ch thn thin, thc n tuyt vi, thc n tuyt vi v giu tr tng tng.	1
Cn au tim Grill  trung tm thnh ph Vegas l mt ci c hon ton bng phng cho mt nh hng.	0
Khng c nhiu hi sn v nh 5 si m  pha di.	0
Mn salad ch c ng lng nc st ch khng phi hn cng sut nc i, m n  c nu hon ho.	1
Qu chui rch khng ch b x, m cn b ha  v v t.	0
t nht hy ngh n vic np li nc cho ti trc khi ti u tranh vi anh trong 10 pht.	0
Ni ny nhn cc ngi sao cho APPETIZERS !!!	1
Nhng con g trng u c ch to bng tay v ngon.	1
Chng ta chc chn s quay li y.	1
Chng ti rt vui v  tm thy ni ny.	1
Thc n v dch v tuyt vi, mt phn rt ln v h s gim gi qun s.	1
Lc no cng vui v vi ngi ngoi quc!	1
Update.....  tr li ln th hai v n vn cn rt tuyt vi.	1
Chng ti c thc n v r rng h cha bao gi nghe ni n mui v ngi nh c trn con c  l chewy.	0
Mt cch tuyt vi  kt thc mt cch tuyt vi.	1
Tha thun bao gm 5 ln ung v 2  ung, v Jeff  vt ln trn v vt qua nhng g chng ti mong i.	1
-Rt, rt ngon.	1
Dch v l meh.	0
Phi mt hn 30 pht  ly sa lc, khng g hn so vi sa s c la.	0
Ti ngh ti nn bit rng ni ny s t hi, bi v n nm trong Excalibur, nhng ti khng dng cm gic chung.	0
Mn ny cng c gi tr rt cao.	0
2 ln-Dch v khch hng rt xu!	0
Khoai ty chin ngt rt ngon v c ng bin.	1
Hm nay l ln th hai ti n buffet n tra ca h v n kh tt.	1
C rt nhiu  n ngon  Vegas m ti cm thy b gian ln v ph thi c n ung bng cch i n Rice v Company.	0
n y ging nh ang tri qua mt mi quan h yu km m c hai bn khng th ch i ngi khc n  chia tay.	0
bc vo v ni  bc mi nh mt ci by m c v ch c 2 ngi khc ang n.	0
Tht g ty v tht b nng l tht b.	0
Ni ny c n!	1
Bnh ngt tt c mi ngi ang khao kht v hng v ging nh mt thm ha c may thay cho vm ming ca mt a tr su tui.	0
Ti rt thch mn Pho v ma xun, ngon lm, nn anh phi th.	1
T l di cui cho tht g lm cho g ko g rt khng tha mn.	0
Tt c nhng g ti phi ni l thc n tht tuyt vi !!!	1
Trng chin th cht mt!	1
Mi th u ti ngon v ngon lnh!	1
Tm li, y l mt tri nghim n ung ng tht vng.	0
N ging nh mt ba tic quyn r trong ming anh, ni anh ang tn tnh ngi nng bng nht trong ba tic.	1
Cha bao gi ti sng bc Hard Rock trc y, s khng bao gi bc tip trong  na!	0
Ba sng ngon nht !!!	1
Ni tm bit vi tiu th i!	0
Chng ta s khng bao gi i na.	0
S li tr li!	1
 n n nhanh!	1
Khng tt cht no.	0
 pha trn, qun c ph ca h phc v thc phm tt.	1
My ch ca chng ti rt tuyt vi v khi anh ta pht hin ra ngi v yu thng ti rang v ty xng, anh ta  thm thm vo ba n ca chng ti v mt ty khc  i!	1
iu tt duy nht l bi bn ca chng ti, ng y  rt hu dng v gi li cuc sng ca Mary.	1
Mn Buffet ngon nht trong th trn, vi ci gi m anh khng th nh bi c.	1
Ti yu nhng con trai ca h nu trong vic lm gim ru, con vt rt mm, v mn khoai ty ca chng rt ngon.	1
y l mt trong nhng b m tt hn m ti  tng lm.	1
Vy l chng ti ti Tigerlilly v c mt bui chiu tuyt vi!	1
Thc n ngon lm, ngi phc v ca chng ti rt chu o v c kh nng c nhn v chng ti  c mt tha thun tuyt vi!	1
Khng kh rt tuyt vi v c m nhc ang chi.	1
S quay li chuyn tip theo.	1
-Sooooo tt!	1
Yama khng tt u.	0
t nht 40min  i qua gia chng ti ra lnh v  n n, v n khng qu bn rn.	0
y l mt nh hng Thi cc k tuyt vi, chc chn l mt chuyn ving thm.	1
D thng, cay v mm.	1
Gi tt.	1
Kim tra i.	1
Tht kinh tm!	0
Ti  c bu khng kh tt hn.	0
Kh m lm hng ming tht nng nhng h  lm th.	0
Mc d ti rt thch ci nhn v m thanh ca ni ny, nhng tri nghim thc t li kh l ng tht vng.	0
Ti ch khng bit lm th no m ni ny c th phc v mn n ti nht m ti tng n khi h ang chun b mn n n .	0
Dch v t nht  khi ng, nhng  l iu t lo lng nht.	0
Phc v th tt v c hu bn rt thn thin.	1
Tt c mi ngi u c bt tt, v con trai thng yu ca chng ti, ngi  n bt tt  nhng ni tt nht v ti t nht cho bit  l ming bt tt ngon nht m ng y tng n.	1
Chng ti ngh anh s phi mo him i xa  c c sushi ngon, nhng ni ny thc s nh hng n v tr m .	1
Nhn vin ch nh, v thiu mt t tt p hn, BITCHES!	0
Bland ... Khng thch ni ny v mt s l do v ti khng mun ph thi gian  xem li. Ti s  n   ...	0
Hin tng thc phm, dch v v khng kh.	1
Ti s khng quay li.	0
Chc chn xng ng mo him ra khi di t cho bng heo, s tr li ln sau khi ti  Vegas.	1
Ch ny qu t i vi thc n tm thng.	0
Vodka xut sc!	1
Chng c mt la chn tt v thc phm bao gm mt chic bnh m kp tht vin khng l, mt mn bnh gin g chin gin, mt con c ng b tiu tan v mt s bnh m kp tht ngon.	1
Qun l l bt lch s.	0
Bnh m nng NYC ngon, pho mt kem, Lox thc s vi capers.	1
Tu in ngm v i, tht ra n rt tt khi bn n y mi tu in ngm khc s khng p ng c k vng ca bn.	1
Ti c mt ba sng c bit  y.	1
y l mt trong nhng qun ru ngon nht  Vegas.	1
Anh ta v cng th l v thc s, c rt nhiu nh hng khc m ti thch n ti vo cui tun  Vegas.	0
 ung ca ti cha bao gi trng rng v ng y  a ra mt vi gi  thc n	1
ng lm th!	0
Ngi phc v khng hu ch hay thn thin v him khi kim tra chng ta.	0
Chng ti v ti n tra  y v rt tht vng vi thc n v dch v.	0
V c ri  c nhiu cnh tre v khng ngon lm.	0
Ci chn ca moz p hn nhng ti cm thy nh c lm  che y thc n.	1
Cc phng tm c sch s v ni ny c trang tr rt tt.	1
Thc n lun thay i, cht lng thc phm ang gim & dch v l cc k chm.	0
Dch v chm chp, cn nhc n vic phc v bi 3 my ch nhn dn  thc phm n vi tc  chm.	0
Ti cho n 2 ngn ci.	0
Chng ti  thy ngi phc v phi ch  nhiu hn n nhng ci bn khc v b qua chng ti.	0
Hn phu ca ti v ti n gia ban ngy v chng ti c cho n v ngi ngay lp tc.	1
y l mt nh hng tuyt vi  vnh Mandalay.	1
Chng ti  i bn mi lm pht trong v vng.	0
Crostini n km vi mn salad.	0
Mt s im ni bt: Nigiri cht lng tuyt vi  y!	1
i ng nhn vin thn thin vi nhau v lun sch s.	1
y l mt vt ct khc so vi hm trc, nhng vn tuyt vi v mm cng nh c hng v tt.	1
Ti t mua m Voodoo v y l ln u tin ti thc s c m ng rt tuyt t khi c t do gluten vi nm trc.	1
ni ny rt tt.	1
Tht khng may, chng ta phi n tim bnh m vo ngy cn li bi v mi th chng ta t hng u l STALE.	0
Ti tr li hm nay t khi h ti nh c v vn khng n tng.	0
Ti  ngi ngay lp tc.	1
Thc n ca h rt a dng, v c gi hp l.	1
Trnh bng mi gi!	0
Nh hng lun y  nhng khng bao gi i.	1
NGON LM!	1
Ni ny l ni tt nht  n  khu vc tu in ngm Phoenix.	1
V vy ng n  nu bn ang tm kim thc n ngon ...	0
Ti cha tng b i x t n th.	0
Tht xng khi l hella mn.	1
Chng ti cng ra lnh salad rau bina v avocado; cc thnh phn bun b v n mc hon ton khng c khiu thm m.	0
y thc s l cch n ung ca Vegas trc y, ngay di menu c trao cho nhng ngi ph n khng c gi nim yt.	1
Bi bn rt thn thin.	1
Lordy, Khao Soi l mt mn n khng b l cho ngi yu c ri!	1
Mi th trong thc n rt tuyt vi v chng ti cng rt vui mng v h  thc hin nhng tin nghi tuyt vi cho con gi n chay.	1
C l ti bt gp h trong mt bui ti nh gi bi nhng nh gi khc, nhng ti khng c hng  quay li.	0
Phc v  y  li rt nhiu th.	0
Bu kh quyn l hin i v hng, trong khi vn duy tr mt cm gic m p.	1
Khng phi l mt m nh hng tun, nhng chc chn l mt ni  quay li vi mi ngi mt thi gian.	1
Chng ti  ngi  20 pht m khng ai hi  kin ca chng ti.	0
Bnh hm-b-g hon ton khng c hng v-tht hon ton nht mu, bnh hm-b-g c nu qu mc v khng c hng v than.	0
Ti cng quyt nh khng gi n tr li v c hu bn ca chng ti trng nh c y ang trn b vc ca vic b nhi mu c tim.	0
Ti mc qun o  c i x mt cch th bo!	0
C th l t.	0
Tnh yu ni ny, khi ti mun mt ci g  khe mnh nhng khng thiu s lng hay hng v.	1
Ti  gi mn cocktail Lemon raspberry cng khng th tin c.	1
Thc n b ht, m chng ta mong i nhng n ht nhiu hn chng ta c th tng tng.	0
Trang tr th v y.	1
iu ti thc s thch   l trm xe la.	1
Ngoi ra cn c phc v bnh m v b, v khoai ty chin vi nhng ming tht xng khi trn nh ... rt ban u v rt tt.	1
bn c th xem h chun b thc n ngon lnh!)	1
C hai qu trng u rt tuyt.	1
Khi lnh ca ti n, mt trong nhng con gyros b mt tch.	0
Ti c mt mn salad vi i cnh, v mt t kem  trng ming v  li cm gic kh hi lng.	1
T khng chc Joey c bnh chn l hot dog p nht  Thung lng bi c gi ca tp ch Phoenix.	0
Ni tt nht  i ly mt ci bt ngon ca Pho!	1
Nhc sng trong nhng ngy th Su hon ton b thi bay.	0
Ti cha bao gi b xc phm hay cm thy bt knh.	0
Nhn vin rt thn thin.	1
N ng gi lm y.	1
Ti  nghe nhng iu tt p v ni ny, nhng n vt qu mi hy vng ti c th m ti.	1
Thc phm rt tuyt vi v cng vy.	1
Bia nng khng gip c g.	0
Mt ch n ngon lm.	1
Dch v l thn thin v mi gi.	1
Ba tra rt ngon.	1
Ti  sng  y t nm 1979 v y l ln u tin (v cui cng) ti bc chn vo y.	0
 L KINH NGHIM TI T NHT.	0
Chc l m qua  ch ny.	0
Cc bn c cc loi nm hn hp, ting vang vng yukon, ng trng trng.	1
Nu con b  khng bao gi xut hin th ti  cho chc chn 4 ci, nhng  pha bn kia bc tng ni m con b ang leo ln l nh bp.	0
Trong khong 10 pht, chng ti ang i mn salad ca c y khi chng ti nhn ra rng n khng n sm.	0
Bn ti thch mn khoai ty c hi.	1
Khng quay li u.	0
Cc k ngon!	1
Bi bn gii lm!	1
t sng v khng tt.	0
Mn mojitos ca Jamaica rt ngon.	1
N nh v khng ng gi.	0
-Thc n giu c trt t nh vy.	1
Phng tm  bn ngoi nn bn ch c th ra sch, khng tm y nc, tr khi bn khng phin khi kha thn  mi ngi thy!	0
Dch v hi thiu.	0
Tm hm Bisque, Bussell Sprots, Risto, Filet Tt c u cn mui v pepper..v tt nhin l khng c  bn n.	0
Hy vng ci ny cho chng ra ngoi lm n v ai  c th nu n c th vo.	0
Hoc l qu lnh, khng  hng v hay ch l xu.	0
Ti thch mn tht xng khi.	1
Tht khng th tin c!	1
Nhng ngi  Otto lun lm cho chng ti cm thy rt cho n v c bit.	1
"Cn v ""mains"", cng khng c cm hng."	0
y l ni m trc tin ti  c pho v n tht tuyt vi!	1
Tri nghim tuyt vi ny lm cho ni ny tr nn dng li bt c khi no chng ta li  trong thnh ph.	1
Nu thc n khng  t cho anh, hy tn hng nhng ngi say phin h ca th gii.	0
Mt u bp rt vui.	1
Ra lnh cho mt chic hamburger ph mai kp v c mt ming v b v ra (hnh nh upload) Vng, vn rt t.	0
Mt ni tuyt vi  c mt cp thc ung v xem bt k s kin th thao no nh cc bc tng c bao ph bi TV.	1
Nu c th cho h 0 ngi sao, h s c n.	0
"Cc m t ni rng ""nc st yum yum"" v mt s khc cho rng ""nc st c chnh"", tuy nhin mt ngi khc ni rng ""cay cay cay"" ... cng l mt trong nhng cun  c a trn ."	0
Ti s ni  s l quyt nh kh khn nht ... Thnh tht m ni, tt c cc mn ca M' s u c mi v ca n (tuyt vi).	1
Nu c y khng cun i mt chng ta c th   li ... Khng chc l chng ti s quay li v th li ln na.	0
Mi ngi u rt chu o, cung cp dch v khch hng tuyt vi.	1
Kinh khng-ng ph thi gian v tin bc ca anh.	0
Mn ny ngon lm y.	1
Vo thi im ny, nh hng ca chng ta hu nh trng rng  khng c l do no.	0
Hn na, ta nh  lnh cng.	0
"ging nh nhng nh ph bnh khc ni, ""bn khng th tr tin cho ti  n  ni ny mt ln na."""	0
-My khoan  mt gn 30 pht  ra ngoi ti mt thi im.	0
Tht l mt nim vui thch th, mi ngi.	1
Tt hn nhiu so vi qun sushi AYCE khc m ti  n  Vegas.	1
nh sng ch  ti  thit lp tm trng.	1
Da trn dch v ngm m ti nhn c v khng c n lc  th hin lng bit n i vi cng vic ca ti ti s khng quay li.	0
Ch s hu thc s l nhng con ngi tuyt vi.	1
Khng c g c bit v vic lm vic/n  .	0
Ngi Hy Lp n mc rt nhiu kem v hng v.	1
Ni chung, ti khng ngh rng ti s a cha m n ni ny mt ln na bi v h  to ra hu ht cc khiu ni tng t m ti cm thy thm lng.	0
By gi pizza rt ngon nc st u phng rt ngon.	1
Chng ti  c 7 chic  bn n v dch v kh nhanh.	1
Dch v tuyt vi y.	1
Ti cng s cho nhng ngi cha  u bng 0 sao nu c th.	0
H bit cch  chng  y.	1
Rt kh khn v rt thiu hng v!	0
Ti hy vng ni ny s  quanh y.	1
Ti  i nhiu hn vi qun bar  Vegas, v ng bao gi nh b buc ti v nc my.	0
Khng kh nh hng rt tinh t.	1
Dch v tt, rt sch s, v r tin,  khi ng!	1
Hi sn ti v rng ri.	1
Hn na, ch c 8  thi.	1
Dch v ny cng khng c gi tr ngang bng.	0
Cho n nay, ch c hai ln gh thm v thc phm hon ton ngon lnh mi ln.	1
Cng tt nh khi ti c n hn mt nm trc!	1
i vi mt ngi t xng l c ph c ph, ti  rt tht vng.	0
Nh Veggitarian platter  ra khi th gii ny!	1
Anh c th i sai ch vi thc n  y.	1
Anh khng th nh bi n.	1
Gh qua ch ny trong khi  Madison cho ngi st, rt thn thin, nhn vin tt.	1
Cc u bp rt thn thin v c cng vic tt.	1
Ti  kh hn, khng ch t nhng im thng tr Boba dnh ring, m thm ch t Jenni Pho.	0
Ti thch sn vn ng v dch v rt xut sc.	1
Bnh taco khng h trt trn tht v wow!	1
Ti khng ngh li na.	0
Ti c x lch trn v n kh l nht  ti s khng ly li c n na.	0
Ti n Bachi Burger vi li  ngh ca mt ngi bn v khng tht vng.	1
Dch v hi qu!	0
Ti  ch i v ch i.	0
Ni ny khng phi l cht lng sushi, n khng phi l mt nh hng cht lng.	0
Ti chc chn s gii thiu i cnh cng nh bnh pizza.	1
Pizza v Salads!	1
Nhng iu  xy ra:-Chng t tri saganaki.	0
Chng ti  i mt ting ng h cho ba sng ti c th lm tt hn 100 ln  nh.	0
Ni ny tht tuyt vi!	1
Ti ght phi bt ng vi ng bo ca ti, nhng chng ti v ti rt tht vng vi ni ny.	0
 ch 2 gi v khng bao gi ly c pizza ca chng ti nh nhng ngi khc xung quanh chng ti.	0
Ch l khng hiu sao h li chm nh vy.	0
Nhn vin rt tuyt, thc n rt ngon, v chng c mt la chn bia tuyt vi.	1
Ti sng trong khu ph nn ti tht vng v ti s khng quay li y, bi v  l mt a im thun tin.	0
Ti khng bit l tht heo c th ngon hn y.	1
Bn c nhng con c ti sng, sn sng chm sc.	1
Trc khi ti n vi l do ti sao ti li nh gi 1 ngi sao 1 sao vui lng bit rng y l ln th ba ti n  Bachi burger trc khi vit mt bi ph bnh.	0
Ti thch s tht rng mi th trong thc n ca h u ng gi.	1
Ti s khng bao gi n ti  y na u!	0
Thc n rt xut sc v dch v rt tt.	1
La chn bia & ung tt v chn thc n tt.	1
Xin hy trnh xa mn tm chin xo.	0
Th t chip khoai ty bun ... Ti c th m c bao nhiu con chip trong ci hp  v n c l l khong 12.	0
Thc n thc s nhm chn.	0
Kim tra dch v tt!	1
Tp on tham lam ny s khng bao gi nhn thy ng xu no ca ti!	0
S khng bao gi, khng bao gi quay li.	0
Ti khng th no vt qua c dch v kinh khng v s khng bao gi tr li.	0
Vo ma h, bn c th n ti trong mt sn chi ngoi tri quyn r-rt th v.	1
Ti khng mong chuyn ny s tt p n th!	1
Thc n tuyt vi!	1
C y  t mt chic bnh nng xp bng ting Anh i ra m khng b nng.	0
Thc n rt ngon.	1
Khng bao gi quay li.	0
Thc n tuyt vi cho ci gi, cht lng v nh sn xut rt cao.	1
Cu b xe but  tay kia rt th l.	0
n lc ny, bn ti v ti  bit c ni ny l mt tr a v khng ngi lm n cng khai v ln ting.	0
Tr li BBQ tt, gi v nh hn, gi c hp l v ni vi cng chng rng h  tr li vi nhng cch c.	1
V xem xt hai chng ti ri khi  rt y  v hnh phc vi gi 20  la, anh khng th sai.	1
Tt c bnh m u c lm ra trong nh!	1
Nhc im duy nht l phc v.	0
Ngoi ra, khoai ty chin khng cn nghi ng g na.	0
Dch v l ngoi l v thc phm l mt iu tt p nh tt c cc nh gi.	1
Vi thng sau, ti quay li v c mt ba n tuyt vi.	1
Ni a thch trong th trn cho shawarrrrrrma! !!!	1
u xanh v khoai lang ... UNREAL!	1
Anh s khng tht vng u.	1
Chng c th phc v n ch vi cc vinaigrette v n c th lm cho mt mn n tng th tt hn, nhng n vn rt tt.	1
Ti i qu nhiu ni v cha bao gi thy mt nh hng no phc v ba sng 1 qu trng, c bit l 4.00 .	0
Khi m ti v ti v nh, b y ngay lp tc b bnh v b y ch c vi ming salad thi.	0
Cc my ch khng d chu  i ph v h khng phi lc no cng tn vinh Pizza Hut coupons.	0
C hai u khng th tin c, v ti rt vui v chng ta  quay li.	1
Chng ti c mt dch v tuyt vi, v rt hi lng vi bu kh quyn.	1
Mi th u th tc.	0
Ti yu ni ny.	1
Dch v v thc phm tuyt vi.	1
u tin-cc nh tm  a im ny l v bc bn Seat bn khng c b sung v ch n gin l ycky !!!	0
"Ci burger ... Ti c ci burger ""Vng"" tr gi 17  v rt tht vng."	0
OMG,  n ngon qu!	1
Ni ny khng c g xc thc.	0
spaghetti khng c g c bit.	0
Trong tt c cc mn n, c hi l tt nht, nhng tt c u rt tuyt.	1
Cc loi rau qu rt ti v nc st c cm gic nh l ngi Thi.	1
ng  li xe t Tucson!	1
Cuc chn lc c l l iu ti t nht m ti tng thy  Vegas..... khng c ai c.	0
La chn bia kh ngon.	1
Ni ny ging nh l Chipotle, nhng tt hn.	1
Cc mn khai v, cc mn khai v ngon v vui ti, bt tt mng nc (bt-tt bng chy!! !!!	1
5 sao cho ng dng bnh m!	1
Ti  n  y nhiu ln, v mi ln thc n rt ngon.	1
Chng ti ngi thm 10 pht v cui cng  t b v b i.	0
Anh ta tht kinh khng!	0
Mi ngi u c i x cng bng.	1
Khng nn mt 30 pht bnh kp v trng.	0
N rt ngon !!!	1
V mt tt, nhn vin thc s vui v v nhit tnh-mt iu tr thc s.	1
ng bun thay, Gordon Ramsey's Steak l ni chng ti s trnh n trong chuyn i ti Vegas.	0
Lun lun l bui ti tuyt vi v thc n ngon!	1
C ngon nht ti tng c trong i!	1
(Phng tm ch l ca k bn v rt p.)	1
B m nh v tt c thc n m chng cung cp l BLAND.	0
y l mt nh hng ni bt vi nhng mn n ngon nht m ti tng nm.	1
Ti c th ni l kh tuyt.	1
Chc chn l ti s quay li tr khi c ngi khc mua.	0
Server  thc hin mt cng vic tuyt vi.	1
Ti thy lng ph thc phm  c th ph hy, nhng y khng phi l thc n.	0
V ti c mn sp Lobster Bisque lc no cng m.	0
S quay li nu ti thm n sushi trong khi  Vegas.	1
Nhn vin rt tuyt, khng kh rt tt.	1
N xng ng vi 5 sao.	1
Ti b au d dy v cm thy m sut c ngy.	0
H lm ri nhiu hn qu bng.	0
Khng gian n ung rt nh, nhng trang tr sang trng v thoi mi.	1
H s ty chnh trt t ca anh theo cch m anh mun, thng thng ca ti l Eggplant vi Green Bean xo rn, yu n!	1
V u v cm l tt nht.	0
Mn tht chin ngon nht trong th trn ny!	1
Ti ly li tin v ra khi .	0
Trong mt phn th v ca th trn, ni ny tht tuyt vi.	1
QUN L KHIM NH V THIU THN TRNG.	0
Nhn vin by gi khng thn thin, thi gian ch i c phc v l kinh khng, khng ai ni li cho trong 10 pht u tin.	0
Ti s khng quay li.	0
H c nhng ba ti tuyt vi.	1
Dch v  b chiu sng v ti chc chn  ngh Halibut.	1
Thc n tht kinh khng.	0
S KHNG BAO GI QUAY LI V K CHO NHIU NGI BIT CHUYN  XY RA.	0
Ti khng khuyn ngh tr khi chic xe ca anh b hng trc mt n v anh ang cht i.	0
Ti s quay li y mi khi ti Vegas.	1
Ni ny xng ng c mt ngi sao v 90% phi lm vi thc n.	0
y l mt s  nhc.	0
Ln sau Def tr li t im	1
Nu bn mun thc n ngon lnh hoc khe mnh, hy th ch ny.	1
Ti s tip tc n y vo m ti ca cc qu c v ti nay ... gii thiu ch ny cho bt c ai  trong khu vc (;	1
Ti   y nhiu ln trong qu kh, v tri nghim ny lun lun tuyt vi.	1
Chng ti  rt vui mng v tri nghim buffet  Vegas u tin ca chng ti.	1
Dch v xut sc v gi c kh hp l khi xem xt y l Vegas v nm bn trong khu mua sm tinh th ca Aria.	1
 tm tt li ... thc n khng th tin c, khng, vt ln ... nhng khng c g mang li cho ti nim vui ging nh nhng k c v s chnh lch kh nn.	1
Ti c l l mt trong s t ngi n Ians v khng thch n.	0
Tr con pizza lun lun l mt c nh vi rt nhiu mn n cho tr em!	1
Dch v l hon ho v khng kh gia nh tt  thy.	1
c nu cho hon ho v dch v l hon ho.	1
Ci ny n gin ch l mt s tht vng.	0
Nhn chung, ti rt tht vng vi cht lng thc phm  Bouchon.	0
Ti khng cn phi lm k ton  bit l ti sp tiu ri!	0
Ni tuyt vi  n, nhc nh ti v nhng ca hng m v m nh  khu vc vnh San Francisco.	1
Hm nay, s thch u tin ca ti v Budodogis Gourmet Hot Dog v ti phi ni vi cc bn iu  nhiu hn ti tng.	1
 li rt tht vng.	0
Chc chn ti s sm tr li.	1
Thc n rt ngon v ti rt nh b.	1
Phc v tht tuyt vi.	1
PH THI GIAN.	0
Ti khng bit  l loi g nhng h c tr  ngon nht.	1
n i, hy vui v v nhi bng!	1
V phc v, ta khng cho h sao.	0
Ti c th m bo vi anh l anh s khng tht vng.	1
Ti c th nhn mt t dch v xu nhng thc phm li t.	0
T b c gng  n bt k v (rng vn au).	0
Nhng by gi ti  hon ton thu v.	0
Ti rt thch n  y.	1
Ln u tin i nhng ti ngh ti s nhanh chng tr thnh mt ngi bnh thng.	1
My ch ca chng ti rt d thng, v mc d anh y trng hi chong ngp vi tt c cc nhu cu ca chng ti, anh y vn chuyn nghip v thn thin cho n khi kt thc.	1
T nhng g bn n ti ca ti ni vi ti ... mi th u rt ti ngon vi kt cu v hng v p.	1
Trn mt t, ngay cnh bn ca chng ti l mt ng phn chim mu xanh l cy.	0
Hn na, anh cn khng th tm c thi gian hot ng trn trang web!	0
Chng ti  c thch ni ny nhng sau 10 gi, ti ngh chng ta  xong vic vi h ri.	0
ng l mt sai lm!	0
Khng phn nn!	1
y l mt s pizza ngon v ti l mt chuyn gia/kt ni v ch  ny.	1
Bi bn l mt tn khn.	0
Strike 2, ngi mun c gp rt.	0
y l nhng ch nh hng p nht m ti tng gp.	1
Ti khng bao gi quay li na.	0
Chng ti thch bnh quy !!!	1
Dch v nhanh v thn thin.	1
Ti  gi mn khai v v mt 40 pht ri sau  ci pizza thm 10 pht na.	0
Tht tuyt vi.	1
 l mt con b ci vng v nng 1,5 lb v mp m.	0
Chc chn s quay li y.	1
Ti thch Steiners bi v n ti v n c cm gic nh mt qun bar.	1
Rt cay nhng ngon.	1
Nu anh khng quen, hy kim tra n.	1
Ti s ly tin n ti  ch khc.	0
Ti mun quay li.	1
D sao, nh hng FS ny c mt ba n tra tuyt vi.	1
Khng g c bit.	0
Mi ngy trong tun h c mt tha thun khc v tt c u rt ngon.	1
Cha k n s kt hp ca l, hnh nhn v tht xng khi l mt chin thng ln!	1
S khng quay li.	0
Nc st khng c ch no c.	0
Thc n ngon v  cay, v vy hy chc chn s yu cu spicier nu bn thch n theo cch .	1
Tht b nng ca ti  c nu chn hon ho v c hng v thm ngon.	1
Ti khng ngh chng ta s quay li sm u.	0
Thc n qu ngu ngc.	1
Ti khng phi l mt ngi snh n sushi nhng ti c th chc chn s khc bit gia  n ngon v thc n ti t v y chc chn l  n ti.	0
Ti cm thy b xc phm.	0
3 ln cui cng ti n tra  y u t hi.	0
Cnh g cha tht g kh nht m ti tng n.	0
Thc n rt ngon v ti rt thch th, mt a im th gin th v cho cc cp i gia nh nh ...	1
Nargile-Ti ngh anh rt tuyt.	1
Ch tt nht  pha ty nam.	1
Chng ti yu ni ny.	1
Chc chn khng ng gi 3  ti  tr.	0
Kem vani l kem v mn trong khi bnh pastry profiterole (choux)  ti.	1
Ti   trong AZ mi lc v by gi  c ch mi ca ti.	1
Ngi qun l l ngi t nht.	0
Bn trong rt p v rt sch.	1
Lng thc rt xut sc v gi c rt hp l.	1
Ti khng ngh l ti s quay li ch Carly khng lu u.	0
iu ny l do thc t l phi mt 20 pht  c tha nhn, sau  thm 35 pht  ly c thc phm ca chng ti ... v h tip tc qun mi th.	0
Ti cng thch margaritas qu!	1
y l buffet Vegas u tin v duy nht ca ti v n khng lm ti tht vng.	1
Rt tt!	1
Mt lu  l s thng gi c th s dng mt s nng cp.	0
Sandwich tht ln ngon.	1
ng ph thi gian  y.	0
Hon ton tht bi, ti th i mua li qun Hoa Camelback v c ph Cartel.	0
Th ba, pho mt trn bnh hm-b-g ca bn ti lnh.	0
Chng ti thng thc pizza v ba tra.	1
Cc ming bt tt u c ch to tt v cng hon ton nu chn.	1
Chng ti c mt nhm 70 + khi chng ti tuyn b chng ti ch c 40 v h x l tt p cho chng ti.	1
TI THCH N!	1
Chng ti yu cu d lut ri i m khng n v h cng khng mang theo.	0
Ni ny l mt vin ngc qu  Las Vegas, v chnh xc nhng g ti mong tm c trong gn 10 nm sng  y.	1
Hi sn b gii hn  tm luc v chn cua nhng chn cua chc chn khng c v ti.	0
Vic la chn thc phm khng phi l tt nht.	0
Rt ngon v ti s hon ton tr li!	1
y khng phi mt nh hng gia nh nh, y l mt c s n ung tt.	1
H c mt con tartare vi mt ci cavier tht phi thng v ti thch ci wagyu thi mng vi nm cc trng.	1
Ti khng ngh ti s tr li trong mt thi gian di.	0
N c gn vo mt trm xng, v  him khi l mt du hiu tt.	0
Tht tuyt vi.	1
Ti s sm quay li.	1
Thc n c rt nhiu th tt m ti khng th quyt nh c!	1
T hn na, hn lm nhc cng nhn ngay trc mt ti.Mt ng tn gi khng khip.	0
Kt lun: Cc ba n y .	1
Mn c bit hng ngy ca h lun l mt hit vi nhm ca ti.	1
V ri bi kch xy ra.	0
Bnh kp cng rt ngon v kh ln.	1
y l kinh nghim u tin ca ti, v n rt ngon.	1
Mn tht nng v trng g ca chng l mn n a thch ca ti.	1
Bi bn rt ngt ngo v vui tnh.	1
Ti cng phi nm th mn bnh kp b ng ca m ti vi b m v chng tht tuyt vi, mn v ngon!	1
Ti thch n thc n ca hng hng khng, nghim tc y.	0
Cant ni nhng iu tt p v ni ny.	1
Khng kh khng th tin c.	1
C hu bn v qun l rt thn thin.	1
Ti s khng  ngh ni ny.	0
Nhn chung l ti khng n tng vi Noa lm.	0
Gyro ca ti v c bn ch l rau dip.	0
Dch v khng khip!	0
Hon ton tht vng!	0
Ti khng c nhiu m, nhng ti thch mn bnh nng v pizza mng  y.	1
Hy c gng, anh s hnh phc v anh  lm.	1
Cho ti nay nhng ci bnh ph mai BEST m chng ta  tng c!	1
Cng c gi hp l!	1
Mi th u hon ho trong m chng ti  trong .	1
Thc n rt ngon cho mn n in hnh ca bn.	1
 l mt  a  n .	0
Ban u, n l mt qun c ph bnh ngt-khng kh d thng, mt i ng nhn vin sch s, thn thin.	1
D sao, ti khng ngh ti s quay li .	0
t ngn tay ca bn vo bt k mc no trn thc n, t hng v bn s khng b tht vng.	1
i, ci ny p qu, nh hng ny.	1
Nu anh khng i ngay by gi!	1
Mt ba n m bo, khng lnh mnh.	0
ln u tin   v c th l ln cui cng.	0
My ci burger  tht tuyt vi.	1
Tng t, ngi giao hng khng ni mt li xin li khi thc n ca chng ti 45 pht tr.	0
V n rt tn km.	0
Hy chc chn l mn trng ming, ngay c khi bn cn gi n -i-tiramisu v cannoli u  cht.	1
y l ln u tin ca ti v ti khng th ch n khi tip theo.	1
Ngi phc v cng tt.	1
Mi th u ngon v ngon.	1
Ch ny c hai ngn tay ci.	1
Ni tt nht  Vegas cho ba sng (ch cn kim tra xem Sat, hoc Sun.	1
Nu cc bn thch  n Mexico ch thc v mun c c ng tht th v, nhng rt ngon  chn la, bn cn phi th ch ny.	1
Qun l khng khip.	0
Mt nh hng mi tuyt vi ca mt ngi Php c kinh nghim.	1
Nu khng c ngi sao no ti s cho n 0 sao.	0
Tht b ngon, cc cnh tuyt vi, ru vang tuyt vi, nhng mn trng ming tuyt vi.	1
Mt ly martini t nht!	0
Bt tt v tm ang theo  kin ca ti nhng li cu xin tt nht  GC.	1
Hm nay ti  c c hi  ly mu pizza tuyt vi ca c!	1
Chng ti  i ba mi pht  ngi xung (mc d c 8 bn trng v chng ti l nhng ngi duy nht ch i).	0
Tm thm vng  tan chy trong ming ng.	1
Ti s khng c quay li  ngay c khi n trng rng.	0
Khng, ti s n khoai ty m ti tm thy vi si tc l trong .	0
Ch  cay thi. Hon ho.	1
Ti qua l ln th hai ti n ti  y v ti rt vui v  quyt nh quay li!	1
"Thm ch khng c ""xin cho, chng ti s  bn phi."""	0
Mn trng ming hi l.	0
Bn trai ti v ti n y ln u tin trong mt chuyn i n Vegas gn y v khng th hi lng hn vi cht lng thc phm v dch v.	1
Ti thc s  ngh ni ny, anh c th i sai ch vi ci bnh donut ny!	1
Khng kh p lm.	1
Ti s  ngh cu phng cho vic ny!	1
Ti ngh c l chng ta  i mt m ngoi tri nhng iu  tht ng h thn.	0
Tuy nhin, kinh nghim gn y ca ti  a im ny khng c tt lm.	0
Ti bit y khng ging nh cc nh hng khc, c g   y!	0
TRNH C S NY I!	0
Ti ngh nh hng ny khng c gng ht sc.	0
Tt c cc mn n Tapas u ngon!	1
Ti l tri tim ca ni ny.	1
Mn salad ca ti c mt mn ru nho nh cho em b xanh l v tri tim ca Palm.	0
Sau hai ln ti cm thy kinh tm.	0
Mt thi gian vui v!	1
Ti tin rng ni ny l mt im dng tuyt vi dnh cho nhng ngi c mt ci bng rt to v hankering cho sushi.	1
Mt phn ho phng v v ngon.	1
Ti s khng bao gi tr li ni ny v s khng bao gi  ngh ni ny cho bt c ai!	0
"Cc my ch quay li nhiu ln, thm ch khng phi l mt ""bn ang c gip ?"""	0
Thc n ngon lm!	1
NGHIM TC CH?	0
Ti xem xt v trm ny.	0
Eew ... a im ny cn c i tu hon ton.	0
Gn y chng ti  chng kin cht lng qun l km ca c i vi cc v khch khc.	0
Ch i, ch i v ch i.	0
ng y cng quay li  kim tra chng ti, dch v xut sc.	1
My ch ca chng ti rt tt v  kim tra chng ti rt nhiu ln.	1
Pizza c v c, siu dai dng khng phi l cch tt.	0
Ti  c gng  cho h mt th nghim nhng v cng tht vng.	0
Phc v tt v cng ty tt hn!	1
Cc nhn vin cng rt thn thin v hiu qu.	1
Cn v dch v, ti l mt fan hm m, bi v n rt nhanh v c ang c phc v bi mt vi ngi tt.	1
Thng nhc   kh ro!	0
nh gi cao hn.	0
Nu anh tm  n Thi, th i ch khc i.	0
Tht b ca chng c khuyn co 100%!	1
Sau khi ti ko xe ti ch thm 15 pht trc khi c cng nhn.	0
Thc n tuyt vi v phc v tt trong mi trng sch s v thn thin.	1
Tt c, ti m bo l ti s quay li.	1
Ti ght nhng th ny nhiu nh -liu cht lng r tin.	0
Ba sng ca ti  sn sng, vi mt bi thuyt trnh tuyt vi v 3 lt  khng l ca Toast, nh nhng vi ng bt.	1
Bn tr  khu vc ny l Nasty!	0
Mt ni tuyt vi m khng c n.	1
C hu bn rt thn thin v vui v vi cc ty chn cho vegan/veggie.	1
Ti cm thy mnh cha bao gi n thc n Thi cho n mn n ny.	1
"N cc k ""sp "" v khng c v tr."	0
 l mu nht thay v tt v c hng v v khng c hng v.	0
Cc crouton cng c hng v tng t.	1
Ti  v nh  xem i cnh nh kh nht t trc n gi!	0
N s l im dng chn thng xuyn trong chuyn i ca ti n Phoenix!	1
Ti rt thch c ph Crema trc khi chng m rng; Ti thm ch cn ni vi bn l h c ba sng BEST.	1
Khng tt cho tin.	0
Ti nh n v c g chng c mt ci  Philadelphia!	1
Chng ta  ngi kh nhanh, nhng kt thc l 40 pht ch  t hng, 30 pht na trc khi thc n n.	0
Chng cng c loi pho mt ngon nht trong th trn.	1
Gi tr tt,  n ngon, dch v tuyt vi.	1
Khng th i hi mt ba n tha mn hn.	1
Thc n ngon y.	1
Tht tuyt vi.	1
Ti ch mun ri khi y.	0
Chng ti  li xe sut t Bc Scottsdale ... v ti khng h tht vng cht no!	1
Ti s khng n   na.	0
!Nhng ch s hu tht s cn phi b vic lm tr r tin  h gi ci bnh m kp d ca ti ln hai t giy khng phi l mt!	0
Ti  kim tra ni ny vi nm trc v khng n tng.	0
Con g m ti nhn c chc chn  c hm nng v ch n thi, nhng ci nm tr nn lnh v t.	0
Xin li, ti s khng ly thc n t y bt c lc no u.	0
Tuyt i phi n thm!	1
Li b v tht chin tht tuyt vi.	1
Bn ti khng thch Bloody Mary.	0
Bt chp vic ti lm vic kh khn nh th no, nhng thc s him khi ti cho 1 ngi sao.	0
H thc s mun anh tri nghim mt cch tt p.	1
Ta s khng tr li.	0
Ti  n mn g pho v n  nm mi hng.	0
Rt tht vng !!!	0
Mn g nng rt mm v mu vng t saffron gia v.	1
Li xe thru c ngha l anh khng mun i khong na ting ng h  mua thc n, nhng bng cch no  khi chng ta kt thc  y h bt chng ta phi ch i v ch i.	0
Mt ni tuyt vi.	1
Khng kh l hon ho.	1
May mn nht i vi dch v th l v phi khch hng tp trung vo qun l mi.	0
Bt c b ngoi no cng c th lm g nng ngon hn ci ny.	0
Ti  hi nhiu ln cho danh sch ru vang v sau mt thi gian b pht l, ti n gp ch nh v t ly mt ci.	0
i ng nhn vin lun rt thn thin v hu ch, c bit tuyt vi khi bn mang theo hai b trai nh v mt em b!	1
Bn ngi sao cho  n v ngi mc o xanh cho vibe tuyt vi ca mnh v vn cho chng ti vo n!	1
Bnh m kp tht b n ngon lm!	1
Cng bui ti, anh ta v ti u b bnh nng.	0
Tht g cht lng cao trn mn salad Caesar.	1
Mn burger him c trong chng ta s xong.	0
Chng ti  c cho n v ngi.	1
Ti  c n y n tra v  l mt nh thng in.	0
Ti  b chng minh l  cht sai bi thanh sushi ny, khng ch v cht lng l tuyt vi, m cn dch v th nhanh v c thc phm, hon ho.	1
Sau khi ch mt ting v ngi xung, ti khng c tm trng tt.	0
y l ch tt.	1
Nh Macarons  y rt p.	1
Ti khng n  y!	0
Bi bn ca chng ti rt sng to, thn thin v thng tin.	1
C l nu chng khng lnh th chng s n c.	0
Ni ny c rt nhiu ha hn nhng tht bi trong vic giao hng.	0
Kinh Nghim Ti T!	0
ng l sai lm.	0
Thc phm trung bnh l tt nht.	0
Thc n ngon.	1
Chng ta s khng quay li sm u!	0
Rt tht vng khi t mua 35  la Big Bay Plater.	0
Mt ni tuyt vi  th gin v c mt ci burger v bia tuyt vi.	1
Tht hon ho cho ba n gia nh ngi xung hoc i cng vi vi ngi bn.	1
Khng c nhiu hng v cho h, v rt km xy dng.	0
Ch ngi hin nh rt thoi mi.	1
Cm chin cng kh.	0
B tay xung nh hng  a thch ca ti!	1
"Ting ht ""hp php"" trong sch ca ti ... cng kh him  Vegas."	1
 khng phi l mt tri nghim th v.	1
Bu khng kh rt tuyt vi mt b i ngh s v cm chi nhng ca khc m chng ti yu cu.	1
C nhn ti rt thch hummus, pita, baklava, falafels v Baba Ganoush (tht tuyt vi nhng g h lm vi c tm!).	1
Rt tin li, t khi chng ti  li MGM!	1
Cc ch s hu rt thn thin v nhn vin t ra lch s.	1
C hai tuyt vi!	1
La chn chit trung.	1
C khoai lang ngon nhng nhng chic vng hnh ty th hon ho hay gn ging nh ti  tng.	1
Cc nhn vin rt chu o.	1
V ng u bp rt ho phng vi thi gian ca mnh (thm ch n khong hai ln  chng ti c th chp nh vi ng y).	1
Ch s hu tng lm vic ti Nobu, nn ni ny thc s tng t vi mt na gi.	1
Google mediocre v ti ngh rng Smashburger s n tung.	0
ng i.	0
Ti ha h s khng tht vng.	1
Nh mt ngi yu sushi, hy trnh xa ni ny bng mi cch.	0
Mt ci hamburger i tuyt vi!	1
Dch v v thc phm tuyt vi.	1
Mt khu dn c tuyt vi !!!	1
Ti khng th ch  quay li.	1
Ti cha tng nm th nhng g t nht.	0
 l mt ni tuyt vi v ti  ngh n.	1
Dch v chm chp v khng chu o.	0
Ti cho n 5 ngi sao, v by gi ti s cho n 5 sao.	1
Nhn vin ca anh dnh nhiu thi gian  ni chuyn vi chnh h hn ti.	0
Mn trng ming: Panna Cotta tht tuyt vi.	1
Thc n rt ngon, khng kh ln 1	1
Tht nng ngon vi.	1
Tht bi hon ton.	0
Gi c rt hp l, hng v c t trn, nc st c sn xut ti nh, v lut php khng t  mayo.	1
Bn decor l tt, v nhc nn piano rt d chu.	1
Bt-tt ... rge fillet rellero l mn hi sn ngon nht m ti tng c!	1
Thc n ngon, phc v tt.	1
Hon ton tuyt vi.	1
Ti s khng quay li, thnh tht m ni.	0
Chc chn s quay li!	1
Bnh sandwich tht b trung s vi st auju cng l mt ci sandwich ngon.	1
Hawaii Breeze, Mango Magic, v Pineapple Delight l nhng sinh t m ti  th v tt c u tt.	1
i n tra l chm chp.	0
Chng ti  c rt nhiu iu  ni v ni ny trc khi chng ti bc vo  anh y mong i n s tht tuyt vi, nhng  nhanh chng tht vng.	0
Ti  b s nhc.	0
Khng cn phi ni, chng ta s khng bao gi tr li y na.	0
D sao th, thc n chc chn khng lp y , v gi m anh phi tr gi nhiu hn.	0
Nhng con chp c a ra ngoi  c ngm vi du m, v hu nh khng n c.	0
Ti khng tht s n tng vi Strip Steak.	0
 c t nm 2007 v mi ba n u tuyt vi!	1
My ch ca chng ti rt tt v chu o nh nhng nhn vin phc v khc.	1
Ngi thu ngn rt thn thin v thm ch mang thc n n cho ti.	1
Ti lm vic trong ngnh cng nghip khch sn  Thung lng Paradise v khng gii thiu Cibo thm na.	0
Bu khng kh  y rt vui.	1
Khng nn yu cu ngi khc.	0
"Dch v nhanh v thm ch ""ra lnh"" cng ging nh chng ta thch!"	1
 ti l, lm th no  ni ting vi nhng con c v khoai ty chin khi n tht kinh khng!?	0
Ngi ta ni rng, ming v bng ca chng ta vn kh hi lng.	1
Khng phi vic ca ti.	0
2 ngn ci!	1
Nu c c th ny, xin ng n .	0
Ti thch pizza nng, nhc ti v pizza  hp php.	1
Ch c Pros: khu vc ln ch ngi/khu vc thanh p/khu vc bar p/Thc n  ung n gin tuyt vi/Bnh pizza nng BEST BEST vi bt nho t lm!	1
Chng c mt bu khng kh rt p.	1
Ti nay ti c mn Elk Filet c bit ... v n t lm.	0
Sau khi b cn, ti  b mc.	1
Chng ti  ra lnh cho mt s c in c in v mt s mn n mi sau khi n  mt vi ln v hon ton tht vng vi mi th.	0
D thng, k l, n gin, thnh tht.	1
Con g c tm mt cch tinh t v c c bt hon ho  bn ngoi v g m  bn trong.	1
Thc n lc no cng tuyt vi, khen ngi bp trng.	1
Cm n c bit v Dylan T. v khuyn co v th t:) Tt c u ngon cho bng ca ti.	1
Mt la chn bia tuyt vi.	1
Thc n ngon v dch v tuyt vi!	1
Mt iu th v l h  thm tin vo d lut k t khi ng ca chng ti ln hn 6 hoc 8 tui, v h khng mong i nhiu hn th.	1
Fly   trong nc to ca ti. A FLY!! !!!	0
G Hn Nam cng rt ngon.	1
Cn v dch v, ti ngh n rt tt.	1
Thc n hu nh khng m, nn phi ngi ch my ch  mang n ra cho chng ti.	0
Ryan's Bar chc chn l mt thnh lp  Edinburgh, ti s khng n thm.	0
Mt nh hng Trung Quc p nht m ti   trong mt thi gian.	1
Nhn chung, ti thch c thc n v dch v.	1
H cng phc v bnh m n  naan vi hummus v mt s loi nc st thng cay trong th gii ny.	1
C l s khng bao gi quay li, v s khng  ngh iu .	0
Pasta ca bn cng rt t, n hu nh khng chm vo n.	0
Th chng  sn bay  th thc n ngon v nhanh chng, phc v thn thin.	1
Ti thch trang tr vi giy t th php Trung Quc.	1
Cha tng c g  phn nn.	1
Nh hng rt sch s v c mt nh hng gia nh.	1
N  b nng chn ri.	0
Ti khng chc chng ta    bao lu nhng n  lu  ti bt u cm thy lng tng.	0
Khi ti m bnh m, ti  rt n tng, nhng khng phi theo cch tt.	0
S khng quay li!	0
C mt cm gic m p vi dch v v ti cm thy nh khch mi ca h cho mt s iu tr c bit.	1
Mt thc n m rng cung cp rt nhiu la chn cho ba sng.	1
Ti lun t hng t thc n chay trong ba ti, c rt nhiu la chn  la chn.	1
Ti  chng kin gi c ca h phng ln, mt phn nh hn v thi  qun l pht trin nhanh chng!	0
Nhng con heo vi tuyt vi v mi trng lm ti cm thy m p v m nht bn trong.	1
Ti phi thng thc mn salad hi sn, vi mt ba n ngon tuyt vi.	1
Cc cy cu rt mng, khng dy v dai, gn nh tan chy trong ming.	1
Mc  5 l hon ho, ni m gia v khng c qu-whelm sp.	1
Chng ti  ngi ng gi v my ch ca chng ti t khi i l FANTASTIC!	1
iu quan trng ti khng thch l m ng gi hn, khong 30 tui.	0
Khi ti  bn ny thnh ph ny, chc chn y s l mt im m ti s li b tn cng ln na!	1
Ti phi i hn 30 pht  ly  ung ca mnh v di hn  c c 2 arepas.	0
y l mt ni tuyt vi  n!	1
Tht xng khi jalapeno l ngon lnh.	1
Phc v rt ngho nn v tt bng.	0
Thc n ngon, dch v l tt, gi l tt.	1
Ni ny khng sch s v thc n ngon lm!	0
Tht g l OK, tht b ging nh da giy.	0
Nhng dch v  vt qu tm kim sot.	0
"Ti rt vui c  y! """	1
V nh t.	0
Mt trong s t ni  Phoenix m ti chc chn s quay tr li.	1
Khu nh  tht tuyt vi.	1
N  gn nh ti, n l gi r, khng p, gi c phi chng, thc n ngon.	1
* C Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups tuyt i l 5 sao!	1
Mn sashimi ca ti c cht lng km v v v.	0
Ba ti gia nh tuyt vi trong mt m ch nht.	1
"Thc phm khng ngon lnh, khng ni ""phong cch H Nam truyn thng thc s""."	0
iu lm ti bn tm l phc v chm chp.	0
Cc th ct tc tht tuyt vi!	1
Margaritas ng lnh ca h qu c bit so vi khu v ca ti.	0
Tht tt khi chng ta ra lnh 2 ln.	1
Vy nn trong mt qu hch: 1) Ngi d mi li c mi nh l s kt hp ca mt ch c bn v mt ci cng.	0
Bn gi ti rt t.	0
Tht khng may, n khng tt.	0
Ti c mt tri nghim rt chm bim.	1
Gia nhp cu lc b v nhn c li  ngh tuyt vi qua email	1
Hon ho cho mt ai  (ti) ngi ch thch bia lnh, hoc trong trng hp ny, thm ch l lnh hn.	1
Bland v flavorless l mt cch tt  m t tht tepid yu.	0
Nhng si dy xch, m ti khng thch, nh bi ni ny mt cch d dng.	0
Bn nachos l ngi phi chu!	1
Chng ta s khng quay li.	0
Ti khng c nhiu li  ni v ni ny, nhng mi th u tt p.	1
Cc nhn vin rt p v rt nhanh chng ngay c vi m ng in cung ca trung tm bi thm, lut s, v nhn vin ta n.	1
Khng kh ln, thn thin v dch v nhanh.	1
Khi ti nhn c Pita n rt ln, n c rt nhiu tht trong .	1
Mt khi thc n  n .	0
Tr $7,85 cho mt hot dog v khoai ty chin trng nh c ra khi ba n ca mt a tr  Wienerschnitzel khng phi l  tng ca ti v mt ba n ngon.	0
Kinh in Maine Lobster Roll tht tuyt vi.	1
Anh trai ti lm vic  trung tm mua sm cng ngy, v on xem anh ta b bnh c m l g.	0
Tht tt l ti s phi xem li ni ny hai ln-mt ln  vinh danh v tr v mt ln nh mt mn qu cho mt s kin c t chc  y ti qua.	1
Khoai ty chin v salsa thc s tt, salsa rt ti.	1
Ni ny tht tuyt! !!!	1
 n tm thng.	0
Mt khi anh vo c bn trong anh s b n tng vi ni ny.	1
Ti l siu y vin.	0
V phc v rt thn thin.	1
Ti sao nhng loi rau nh bun ny li qu nu chn?	0
Ni ny tht l mt ngc nhin th v!	1
Chng l nhng con chin gin vng v ngon lnh.	1
Ti  c nhiu hy vng cho ni ny k t khi bnh hm-b-g c nu chn qua mt ci v nng than, nhng khng may l v tr phng, phng.	0
Ti c th n tht mui ca chng c ngy.	1
Khng mt nhn vin no n xem liu chng ti c n hay thm ch l cn np nc mt khi cui cng h  phc v thc n cho chng ti.	0
Cui cng, khu mozzarella, chng l th tt nht m chng ti t.	1
Ln u tin ti n y ti  c mt tri nghim tuyt vi, ti vn ni vi mi ngi rng con vt ny tuyt vi th no.	1
My ch rt bt cn vi nhu cu ca chng ti v lm chng ti cm thy khng c cho n ... Ti s khng  ngh ni ny!	0
Nhng dch v rt t.	0
Ni ny c gi qu cao, khng ph hp vi khu boba ca h, v gi qu t!	0
N  c ng gi!	0
Ti yu ni ny.	1
Ti c th ni mn trng ming ngon lm.	1
Thc n tht kinh khng.	0
Hoa qu theo ma l nhng qu o to trng.	1
N ngy cng t hn v t hn nn gi ti  hon thnh chnh thc.	0
Ni ny thc s nn b n tung.	0
Nhng ti chc chn s khng n  y na.	0
ng ph tin  y!	0
Ti thch vic h t thc n ca h vo nhng thng nha tt nh tri ngc vi vic cramming n trong nhng hp giy nh.	1
Crpe rt mng v mng v m.	1
Dch v kinh khng.	0
S khng bao gi n y na.	0
Cht lng thc phm  rt kinh khng.	0
Vi ci gi  ti c th ngh ra mt vi ni ti s c nhiu hn l bin mt.	0
Phc v  y rt cng bng.	0
Ti rt thch sushi, nhng ti thy Kabuki c gi qu cao, ngoi hng v di dch v.	0
Hy t cho mnh mt n hu v trnh xa ci a ny ra.	0
Phc v rt t.	0
Khng ai  bn ngh rng thc phm  trn mc trung bnh hoc ng gi m chng ta phi ch i.	0
Dch v v thc phm tt nht t trc n nay, Maria server ca chng ta rt thn thin v thn thin ngy hm nay.	1
Chng rt xut sc.	1
Ti  tr tin nhng khng bo v ti cm thy my ch  lm mt vic kinh khng.	0
Va n tra  y v c mt tri nghim tuyt vi.	1
Ti cha bao gi c mt mn n nh vy lm ti ngc nhin khi xem xt bi bo chng ti c qu nhiu v gia v v hng v ca h.	0
Thc n c gi qu cao v tng phn nh.	0
Gn y ti  th Caballero v ti  tr li mi tun k t !	1
Vi 40  mt ci u, ti thc s mong c n ngon hn.	0
Thc n ra ngoi vi tc  tt.	1
Ti  n   hai ln trong ln gh thm cui cng, v c bit thch mn salad c hi.	1
Ti s khng quay li.	0
Chng ti khng th tin ni nhng con hu bn thu nh th no!	0
Ni ny khng xng ng vi ngi sao.	0
Ti s khng  ngh ni ny.	0
Tht ra, ti s bay ln ti 4 sao, ch v c y qu tuyt vi.	1
Vi nim tin ca ti, mi mn n  iu kin l phin bn t nht ca nhng loi thc phm m ti tng nm.	0
Mt ngy ti t hay khng, ti c kh nng chu ng rt thp i vi nhng ngi phc v khch hng th l,  l cng vic ca anh  t ra lch s v lch s, ra chn bt nu khng!	0
Khoai ty rt ngon v bnh quy.	1
C l ti s khng n y na.	0
Tht ho nhong v c mt lng nhit hon ho.	1
Gi c hp l v dch v l tuyt vi.	1
V cm ght ba n ca b (tm da), v bn b ca chng ti thc s khng thch ba n ca h.	0
Anh bn ca ti c tn l Huevos rancheros v h trng khng hp dn lm.	0
Vo mt gi hnh phc, danh sch cc loi ru vang.	1
C ngi ni b m ny rt t gi nhng ti ngh anh s nhn c nhng g anh tr cho v ni ny rt nhiu!	1
C l ti s khng quay li y na.	0
 n/dch v t hi nht m ti c.	0
Ni ny p trai, d thng trong nh hng.	1
Hy ni v dch v khch hng tuyt vi chng ti s tr li.	1
Cc mn n nng khng nng, cc mn n ngui gn phng. Ti xem nhn vin chun b thc n bng tay khng, khng c gng tay. Mi th u c chin ngp du.	0
Ti thch khoai ty chin v u ca chng.	1
Lun l mt nim vui i ph vi anh ta.	1
H c mt lot cc mn salad v sandwich, v tt c nhng g ti  th c c s chp thun ca ti.	1
Ni ny tht tuyt vi nu bn mun mt ci g  nh v khe mnh trong sut ma h.	1
i vi sushi trn Strip, y l ni  i.	1
Dch v rt tuyt, thm ch ngi qun l n v gip bn ca chng ti.	1
Cm gic ca phng n l cch nu n cao ng hn so vi n ti cao cp v dch v th chm ri trong tt nht.	0
Ti bt u nh gi vi hai ngi sao, nhng ti ang chnh sa n ch  cho n mt.	0
y l mn sushi ngon nht ti tng n ngoi Costco.	0
Tt c trong mt nh hng xut sc c t m bi mt dch v tuyt vi, mt thc n c o, v mt khung cnh p.	1
Bn trai ti v ti ngi  qun bar v c mt tri nghim hon ton th v.	1
Nhng con rn c t ch s hu.	0
Hu nh khng c tht.	0
Ti  c bnh m t ca hng tp ha.	0
Ti ch Gyros i.	1
Ti yu ch s hu/u bp, ngi n ng ch thc Nht Bn ca anh y!	1
By gi bnh hm-b-g khng ngon lm, ci bnh pizza m trc y tht l ngon.	0
Ti tm thy mt si dy di 6 inch trong salsa ca ti.	0
Dch v rt khng khip, thc phm l tm thng.	0
Chng ti s tn hng cuc sng.	1
Ti  gi mn sp Albondigas- ch l mn sp m-v c v nh sp c chua vi tht vin ng lnh.	0
Trong 3 dp khc nhau ti  yu cu c lm tt hay trung bnh, v ba ln ti c ming tht m mu nht trn a ca ti.	0
Ti c hai vt cn v khng chu n na.	0
Dch v ny cc k chm.	0
Sau 20 pht ch i, ti c mt ci bn.	0
Mt tn st nhn nng bng nng bng.	1
Khng c cnh bo d ng no trn thc n, v c hu bn khng c manh mi v nhng ba n  lm hoc khng cha u phng.	0
Bn trai ti  th mn g Salad a Trung Hi v yu nhau.	1
Cc loi bia xoay ca h trn tap cng l im nhn ca ni ny.	1
Gi c l mt cht quan tm  loi nm Mellow.	0
Ting Thi t hi nht.	0
Nu anh  li Vegas, t nht cng phi c ba sng  y.	1
Ti mun ni rng my ch ca chng ta rt tuyt v chng ta c dch v hon ho.	1
Bnh pizza ngon lm.	1
Ti c tr du.	1
Khng chuyn nghip v th l vi mt ngi bo tr trung thnh!	0
Nhn chung, mt tri nghim tuyt vi.	1
B tin ra ch khc i.	0
Bnh m nng thng xuyn ca chng cng tha mn nh nhau vi nhng ming b thng xuyn ... Mmmm ...!	1
Chic Buffet  Bellagio  vt xa nhng g ti d on.	0
V  ung l yu ui, mi ngi!	0
-Lnh ca ti khng ng.	0
Ngoi ra, ti c cm gic nh nhng con chip c mua, khng c ch to trong nh.	0
Sau ba ti ng tht vng, chng ti  i n trng ming.	0
Cc con chip  y tht tuyt vi!!! !!!	1
Chng ta s khng quay v.	0
y l im buffet Vegas mi ca ti.	1
Ti nghim tc khng th tin rng ch s hu c qu nhiu nhn vin thiu kinh nghim m tt c ang chy xung quanh nh nhng con g b ct u.	0
Rt, rt bun.	0
Ti cm thy b xc phm v thiu tn trng, lm sao anh c th ni v phn xt mt con ngi nh vy?	0
Sao anh c th gi mnh l nh hng hi nc nu khng nu n c, ti khng hiu!	0
Ti khng n tng vi khi nim hay thc n.	0
iu duy nht m ti khng qu in r l v ti khng thch n.	0
Khng c g i vi ti  khch, hy vng tri nghim ca anh tt hn.	0
Ti b ng c thc n  ba tic buffet.	0
H mang theo mt m khoai ty chin v ti ngh l c th g  m p nhng khng!	0
Mt ba ti Ging Sinh vui nhn, ngon tuyt  nh li l tht bi ln nht trong chuyn i ca chng ta.	0
Khng cn phi ni, ti s khng v sm u.	0
Ni ny tht kinh tm!	0
Mi ln ti n  y, ti thy vic chm sc tinh thn lm vic  mt mc  chuyn nghip.	1
Phong cch RI calamari l mt tr a.	0
Tuy nhin, c rt nhiu ti trong fondue, n hu nh khng th n c.	0
Ti hu nh khng th chu c ba n, nhng khng phn nn v  l ba tra kinh doanh.	0
N qu t, ti  mt ht tri tim  hon thnh n.	0
N cng khin c y mi mi mang n tm sc cho chng ti khi chng ti yu cu.	0
Chng ta khng phi l ngi to ra mt cnh  nh hng nhng ti ch khng hiu ... chc chn  mt tnh yu sau v ny!	0
Kinh nghim tht vng.	0
Thc n s ngang bng vi Denny, ngha l, khng tt cht no.	0
Nu anh mun thc n tm thng v dch v kinh khng, th y l ni dnh cho anh.	0
Ti ch ang ni v WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy	0
Chng ta s khng quay li.	0
Ni ny kh sch s nhng thc phm n gin l khng xng ng.	0
Ni ny thiu phong cch!	0
Sangria c khong mt na lng ru thy tinh y v l 12  la, l bch.	0
ng bn tm n y.	0
Tht kh kh, ti  n ming bridsket thi lt v ko heo.	0
Ta nh c v kh gn gng; phng tm kh l ngon, nhng ti s khng n  y na.	0
N cng kinh khng nh vy.	0
C l khng vi v quay tr li.	0
Rt chm vi ch ngi ngay c khi t ch.	0
Khng tt bng bt k ai trong tr tng tng.	0
Nc st kem l bland v cc loi rau qu  c nu chn.	0
Tri nui trang tri chipolte l v hn, c v nh mng v nc khng c nhit.	0
N qu ngt, khng  cay, v thiu hng v.	0
Ti rt tht vng!	0
Ni ny rt khng khip v c gi qu t.	0
C th  ch l mn chay ca h, nhng ti  hai ln v ti ngh n l trung bnh.	0
N khng bn cht no v gi chng ta bit ti sao.	0
Cc bn bn ngoi cng lm bn nhiu thi gian v cng nhn khng phi lc no cng thn thin v hu ch vi thc n.	0
Khng kh  y khng ging nh mt ba tic buffet, m l mt khu vn trong nh c bnh rn v bnh quy.	0
Dch v trinh st.	0
Khoai ty chin khng nng, bnh ca ti cng khng.	0
Nhng ri h tr li lnh.	0
Ri thc n ca chng ta ra i, tht vng sau .	0
S tht vng tht s l bi bn.	0
Chng ti ni rng c y rt th l ... thm ch khng xin li v thc n ti t hay bt c th g.	0
L do duy nht  n  y l  lp y trc mt m say ru ch ch  ly vi ming tht trong bng.	0
S lng m, s tn ph su sc, v phi ra ngoi  ht thuc trong khi phc v ch  cng c n.	0
Nu ai  ra lnh cho hai ci bnh taco khng phi l bn ngh n c th l mt phn ca dch v khch hng  hi xem n c phi l combo hay xe y ala khng?	0
C ta kh tht vng, mc d vi li  li cn c t vo cnh ca ca c y.	0
Sau tt c nhng li khen ngi ti khng th ch  n  y ...	0
Del Taco rt kh chu v nn trnh nu c th.	0
Khng kh  lm mt ci hamburger t t u.	0
Nhng ti khng thch n.	0
Khng i no ti quay li.	0
Chng ti  nhn c nhiu dch v tt hn t qun pizza bn cnh hn l nhng dch v m chng ti nhn c t nh hng ny.	0
"Ti khng bit vn   y l g, nhng ti s khng quay li ""yaaai""."	0
Ti ngay lp tc ni ti mun ni chuyn vi ngi qun l nhng ti khng mun ni chuyn vi ngi  bn sng ng sau quy bar.	0
Khng kh khng tt hn nhiu.	0
Tht khng may, n ch lm cho chng ti tht vng vi nhng li cu xin ca chng ti.	0
Thc n khng ngon.	0
My ch ca anh t qu, khoan, sa, my ch ca chng ti b ht.	0
Chuyn xy ra tip theo l ... b ra.	0
Qu t v ti bit  l gia nh, ti thc s mun nh th ny.	0
Gi qu cao cho nhng g anh ang c.	0
Ti  nn trong phng tm gia tra.	0
Ti  nhn vo thi im  v n  nhanh chng tr thnh 35 pht, nhng vn khng c thc n.	0
Ti  n rt t ni  n n trong bt c trng hp no ti s quay tr li, v y l danh sch.	0
Chng ti bt u vi mn sashimi c ng c mu nu v r rng l khng ti.	0
Lng thc di mc trung bnh.	0
Chc chn l s nh bi bn nachos trong phim nhng ti mong i mt cht t mt nh hng.	0
Tt c trong tt c, Ha Long Bay  b tht bi.	0
Vn  ti c l h tnh 11,99  cho mt chic bnh sandwich khng ln hn mt tu ngm ca Tu in ngm (cung cp nhiu rau qu hn).	0
Tm-Khi ti tho n ra (Ti ch sng cch Brushfire 1/2 mt dm), n tht s lnh.	0
N thiu hng v, dng nh cha nu chn, v kh.	0
Tht n tng l ni ny cha ng ca.	0
Ti s trnh ch ny nu anh  li Mirage.	0
Nhng ht u ma n vi ba n ca ti  kh cn v nghin nt v thc n l bland.	0
Dnh tin v thi gian cho vi ni khc.	0
Mt qu c  bn k bn chng ti tm thy mt con su bm sng trong x lch.	0
trnh by ca thc n tht khng khip.	0
Ti khng th ni cho anh bit ti tht vng th no.	0
Ti ngh thc n nn c mi v v kt cu v c hai u thiu.	0
n ngay lp tc.	0
Nhn chung ti khng c n tng v s khng quay tr li.	0
Ton b tri nghim  tht yu, v ti ngh ln sau chng ta s n Ninja Sushi.	0
Sau , nh th ti  khng lng ph thi gian ca cuc i mnh  , h  mui vo vt thng bng cch rt ra thi gian n mang li ngn phiu.	0